I just dropped
on my wrist
on my mind.
Collecting all the coins from the
shout out
to the top. I don't cop down below stars
till I drop this annotation up
from carrying the game. I'm a giant
clan. I'm a giant clan. I'm a giant
clan.
This won't hurt a bit. We shall knock
you in the face.
Videos on the floor. Videos at your
door. Videos. Got your hands up with a
Glock holding up the corner store. They
see me with the greatest hits. Put a hit
on your [__] Throw a fit. Your name's
at the top of the list. Top top at
number five. Better get your ass inside
if you want to stay alive. Like,
comment, share. Don't forget to hit
subscribe. Make sure to get notified to
see these coins arrive.
I'm making a list. I'm making a list.
I miss
you.
Tick tick tock. Time is on the clock.
Double digits, baby. That's the
algorithm.
Yeah.
Tea in the streets, crude oil in the
sleeves, crude oil in my stomach, crude
oil in my knees. I pull up to the tas
baby cuz I'm drowning in that green.
Make it grow like baby presto.
I only know how to cook when I find
[Music]
Every creature in the crowd makes some
noise and make it loud. Introducing
tonight's special guest is Shelly the
Android lobster.
Cuz
you can choose
your
when your heart's in the right place.
[Music]
increase your
story.
[Music]
All
right, repeat after me.
1 2 3 I'll be
[Music]
down in
city.
[Music]
music.
You know how it
[Music]
A single night the whole world had been
reborn.
[Music]
Your heart's in the right place
and creatures.
[Music]
increase your
story.
[Music]
Anything?
[Applause]
Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
Find a way
to make them understand.
The world is
Was the variety gift always there? No,
it wasn't. That's kind of a new
addition.
It's kind of a brave new world out
there.
[Music]
Fore
As you
[Music]
right as I join.
I mean, it could be worse.
No, wait. Okay, that one's actually
really good. How about
[Music]
Okay.
Okay. Cool.
Meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow
meow
meow.
Meow meow meow
meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow
meow meow
meow meow meow
meow
meow meow meow meow meow
meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow
meow meow meow meow
meow
meow meow Meow meow meow meow meow meow
meow meow
meow meow meow meow
chow
meow meow
meow
meow meow meow meow meow meow me hold up
want me to sing want me to sing meow
lullabi
[__]
Meow meow meow meow
meow meow meow meow meow
meow meow meow meow
meow meow meow meow.
Are you happy? You happy, buddy? You
happy?
Meow meow meow
meow meow meow
meow meow meow meow meow.
You happy? You happy?
You baddy? You baddy? Who came in here?
Oh, it's smelling. No way. Okay,
guys. Welcome to I'm unmuting and
releasing the pills.
Um uh uh hello. Hi. You're okay. You're
not dying. Oh, okay. That's you're
There's something else happening to you,
but it's not death. Oh, I'm growing.
I suppose so. If you wish. That is what
you said today. Hello, Baba City. Hello,
Baba City. We're learning new words
every day.
Do you have any plans to play any any
live anywhere soon? Not right now. I'm a
little bit tired.
I'm a little bit very tired to be
completely honest.
Okay. Um, welcome to the stream. Our
first stream since
11 pony steps started becoming real.
How is everyone doing today? Um, it's
been an insane past couple of [__]
months here.
Especially these last couple weeks have
just been hellish. Hellish and beasty.
But
man,
it's it's it's been kind of crazy. First
stream of the moment. Not really. Um,
so Love and Pony Step, it's done. It's
coming out. Y'all have seen it. Music
video in like how many hours?
Seven. No, better not be seven hours.
I don't know. Hold on. I can't do math
in my head. No, no, no.
Let me see.
5 seconds. In 18 hours. 1127 in 18
hours. I mean, my love is a quick scope
in 18 hours. Um,
guys, I'm so excited for this music
video. Uh, anyone who's in Patreon knows
what's up, but like everyone else, I
cannot wait to share this [__] with you.
Um,
this this is like the most the most
insane I think visual thing that has
ever been released in the Violet Pony
sphere.
I don't think anything can really
compete with it. Um,
I still love Antinymph. I still hold
Antinymph in a special place in my
heart. Always will. Um, but this thing
definitely like eclipses Antinymph in
every way whatsoever.
I think Antinymp was a test. So, we
could eventually do My Love as a Quick
Scope probably. The folder of uh My Love
as a Quick Scope assets is 31 GB of just
stuff.
So, that's fun.
Might take up more space than the rest
of the album files.
Actually, how many how many gigs is the
stems?
Yeah. Okay. This this the all of the
stems for for the entirety of the album
adds up to 11 and a half gigabytes. The
My Love is a quick scope music video has
31 GB. It's more than the stems of the
album
and uh
cuz I can I can show the stems sort of.
I'm only going to play stuff that
everyone I'm only going to play stuff
from Quick Scope because everyone's
probably heard parts of it already.
um at least from mayhem and what's
what's so what's whatsoever. Um but like
so the stems are basically a melody
stem, FX stem, bass stem, drum stem, and
vocals.
Um
and so uh why do you export stems? Do
you mix them afterwards? No, they're
just they're just Okay, there's a few
reasons. One is for Patreon, so patrons
can have access to them. Um cuz people
can, you know, sample them, remix them,
or like learn from them and stuff. Um,
and also the other thing is sometimes I
like to go back and and relearn how I
did certain things and like relearn how
I did uh different techniques and like
hear stuff in isolation. And what's
really tough is that as projects get
older, um, not even just for Ableton,
but for all types of projects, stuff can
get corrupted. Like plugins stop
working, files go missing and stuff. So
having the stems ensures that there's at
least some version of the song that will
always exist in like this split up form,
if that makes sense.
Um,
so it's it's I don't need them, but I I
prefer to have them if I can. Um, so for
example, here are the drum stems.
There's like the melody stem,
the uh vocal stem.
[Music]
So all of these are like split up into
their bits and pieces and and stuff.
Um, and so all of the stems combined for
every single song is smaller than the
folder for the My Love Quick Scope music
video because we have a lot of videos
that we we cut up and put into this. So
there there's a whole lot going into the
the Quick Scope video. Really really
excited. Um,
yeah. I don't even know how long the
video took
because
actually hold I'm gonna
So we have a channel. Where's a channel?
Quick scope. Well, actually it started
as a thread at first.
I don't even know how to see the archive
threads.
Quick scope music video.
There way to Oh, jump the top. Okay.
Okay, I think the quick scope music
video has been in progress since like
maybe February or January, probably more
like February.
But we've been working on this music
video mutually since about February of
this year. And it's just been an ongoing
process of like filming stuff, drawing
stuff, getting all these things
together. And then um it was in the past
like month and a half that I actually
started editing the video together.
Um definitely cuz the the the ano did
not take that long to make. It was like
a month or so. Not that much. Um this
one we really we really put our all into
it. Um very excited. Very excited. I
can't stop thinking about it. Uh and
we're going to less less than less than
24 hours till it happens. That's great.
Um,
what I haven't done of it
is this uh this incredible video game
which um they better add Love and Podia
sub too.
Does Vid evolve and become 21 videos?
Not really. Baba City is coming soon.
[Music]
Go ahead, my friend Gwen. Can you screen
in the Discord? Oh, wait. Yeah, my bad.
I'm sharing city.
Uh
yeah, the graffiti art is like real. I I
was like so [__] stoked. That was
something that uh be did uh username
quadriped queen. Uh, she [__] was
just like, "I can do a graffiti art of
Vid." And I was like, "What the [__] do
you mean?" And she's like, "I could do a
graffiti art of Vid." I'm like, "Okay."
And so she she like sketched it out
first and then showed me a bunch of the
drawings that she was doing and then she
went out and found a spot that she could
actually do it. Um,
can't say where it is for reasons, but
uh, it's real. It really exists
somewhere out there. And it's like, oh,
hi B.
Speak of the devil. Speak of Speak of
the Trixie.
Not only that, but she built the vid
staff.
Hold up. I'll get the I'll get the
trailer version.
Uh, who and why? Better be Extra. Oh,
no. It's V. And now it's Extra.
Hi, V. Hi, Extra. I actually I mean,
because I literally like just moved, I'm
actually completely fine telling people
where it is once the music video comes
out. Okay, awesome.
If I I don't care if the whole place
gets trashed. I don't live there
anymore. No, I don't [__] care. Oh,
wait. Let me get the um I don't
remember. I I know. I know where it is,
but I don't like [__] know where the
address is. So, I'd have to find that, I
guess. But, I can just do that. So,
here's the So, there she was. Here's the
trailer. Um cuz obviously obviously the
the graffiti is a huge like is insane.
It's insane.
Someone said, "Please be in rural
Washington." I have bad news for you.
It's in Texas. It might Yeah. It's the
complete opposite of rural Washington.
Yeah,
but um but after this, see, I've seen
people talk about the graffiti. What I
haven't seen people talk about yet is
this. Be [__] built the vid staff
from Creature City, guys. Like, hold on.
It's actually lying over there just
broken in half still in my room.
She built this thing
from the the famous
Oh,
hold on. Get it. There you go.
It's the same. It's the same thing.
And also just I I'm so envious at how
you were able to capture this moment so
cleanly like that. I really like that
you I really love that you used this for
this. The way it lines up with the text
after is so nice. Thank you.
And the the the whole like walking back,
it's like a wizard's staff type [__]
Now, now the reason it broke, all right,
just to just to defend my skills as as a
crafts person here. The reason it broke
is cuz I used cheap shitty wood that I
just had left over.
I don't think I think you told me this
was a monitor you didn't need anymore.
But what was that? Um, it's lit. I
don't. It's like literally just like a
super old like TV monitor type thing
that we just like had that no one needed
anymore. I was like, "Ah, [__] I'll
just You have a lot of things like that
that you could just like [__] around
with. You do not realize the extent of
things I have."
No, no, I don't. Because the amount
because you have a lot of things. I have
I have too many things. We we literally
just moved. It's It's [__] evil. I'm
going to have to unpack all this. The
amount of materials one can gather by
living in Texas, apparently.
Um, every every single person in my
family is a hoarder. You should have
seen my my my parents like to pretend
they're not hoarders, but you should
have seen my mom going through our attic
like cleaning it out when we were
moving. There's so much just random
[__] She had a piece of the Berlin Wall
just for fun.
Uh, also someone asked, where was it
before the what? I don't even know what
the [__] UTTP is. Um, how did you end up
working with Lenvall Brown? Was he
excited to be part of the project? So,
um, what happened was I was playing
Disco Allesium and I think that was
around the time that Love and Pony Step
production started to like kind of like
increase. Like I started to focus quite
a bit on the Love and Pony Step stuff
and conceptualizing everything. And um
as I was playing Disco Allesium, it was
just such a privilege to like listen to
his narration and his voice and
everything and I was like it would be
crazy. I I said this as like just I feel
like I said this as just like an aside
on the stream of just being like it
would be so cool to like have him on
album. Maybe even loving pod stuff be
like that'll never happen. And then I
felt like everyone in chat kept like
egging me on like do it anyway. And then
I was like, "Well, I'll send an email
and see what happens." Like, it can't
hurt to just ask. And um he actually got
back to me and uh I had to send him like
a pitch of everything and like what what
the project was, what it was being used
for, and like what the basic like idea
and premise of everything was and some
of the music that it was going that was
going to be involved. And uh after
getting through all the pitch stuff, he
was like, "Yeah, I think we could
actually like make this work." And uh I
think it would be cool.
Um
I don't I don't think he's heard the
album yet. I sent him the final thing
last night or the night before.
Um I haven't heard back yet, but um
I was I was very I was very like excited
to to have it work out one way or
another. Um there were a lot of delays
because um he apparently had a lot of he
was doing some music touring as well cuz
he's also a musician. Um so he was
playing some shows and that kind of uh
made scheduling a little bit
interesting. Um,
and then I had uh the convention and
stuff and so I was a little bit busy
trying to get stuff around here and
there, but I actually received
um all of the voice lines halfway
through the convention
and I in the hotel room I got some of
the I I put the trailer audio together a
little bit.
The trailer audio is almost, aside from
the music, the trailer audio is mostly
unedited from when I put it together in
the hotel. I mixed it differently cuz I
mixed it on like shittier headphones in
the hotel, so I mixed it better when I
got home. Um, but
um I wasn't able to actually sort
through everything until
until I got back home afterwards.
Yeah, I did play Ultrakill right before
Discolesium, but I I have I didn't get
to Sisphus Prime because it's a secret
boss.
Uh I know I know B wants me to
I just answered that question.
Yeah, Ultrakill is very good, too. But
this Ultrakill was really fun. Disco
Allesium was I think very intriguing to
me because I love
um games that have that level of like
I guess mystery and curiosity involved
in it and and Lunval Brown's narration.
Um
re it made the game so so special to me.
Um, I I again I have a hard time reading
and listening to words extensively. I
tend to
um I tend to space out a lot
dialogueheavy games and Leva Brown kept
me anchored for the entire thing and
like Discord was mostly talking
and is it was amazing I was able to get
through. I think a big deal, a big part
of that was was because of Lyn Paul
Brown's narration was just really
engaging and really awesome. Um, sounds
so so so good in this album. I'm really
excited for everyone to hear Loar's
character.
Um,
yeah. Also, Rippy, I don't know if her
internet died or not. I feel like her
internet died.
I could show load star. Batty, are you
okay if I show the loadar art?
Daddy said ya.
What the [__] is this [__]
I'm so confused.
Why are you confused?
Cuz like there's a bunch of like people
with uh UTP in their name coming to spam
the stream or something. I have no idea
what it is. Oh,
sad.
Gwen, you broke labor laws.
I Yeah,
but it's it's like it's fine because
it's like for myself and I'm
self-employed.
Um for basically mean it's fine. That
just means it's legal.
Yeah. Uh completely unrelated. Uh record
store DMD by the way. Oh, okay. One
second.
Okay. Yeah, I I'll have to get to that
later.
Um, but
Oh god, it's [__] Wordle time in in
uh Patreon apparently.
[__] [__] Wle. I [__] hate Wle today.
[__] sucked. Did it? Yeah.
Um, I don't remember what I was saying
now.
Oh. Oh, Loadar.
Look at that. that I remembered by
myself.
Um,
do the Wordle on stream. I might do the
Wordle on stream, but I'm so [__] bad
at it. You guys are going to watch me
flounder like [__] Um,
let's get the load star
here. Here is Loadar and Vid.
I want to lose Wordle so bad.
Oh, this is art that baddy did. That
should be pretty obvious.
Daddy said I'm Drower.
I'm Drower.
Yeah, that's Load Star
[Music]
sometime. the the way I'll describe it
right now
for the purpose of uh you know where
everyone is for the what I'll just say
is Loadar is essentially like Vid's
inner voice. I I'll leave it at that.
take that however uh loadar is he him
and so that's who you see in the uh in
the trailer
he's like a
a taller gruffer masculine vid
The loadar I knew is one of Ben 10en
aliens. Ben 10's aliens in his Omnitrix.
Loadar dropped before GTA 6. I mean
barely. Yeah, Loar. I I love Loar.
Shout out Loadar. And shout out Batty.
This art's awesome.
Yeah, bro. Yeah, bro.
Um, obviously everyone knows what the My
Love is as a quick scope art looks like
because I've been I've been sharing this
for a couple of months now already cuz I
was just so excited about it. It's so
[__] cool. Um, but I'm getting the uh
the Web Punk release together as well.
And I can show you guys what that one
looks like too.
This is the Web Punk one. It's It's sick
as hell.
Spaghetti.
Beautiful spaghetti.
Uh, this one's my pl This one's my
plushy core.
And the bees are back. Her back will
hurt. Oh, it absolutely will.
Yeah, we got fuzzy bee and tadpole be
like those are my two favorite bees.
Pretty retro vibes. So tough. Yeah,
we're we are going all the way. We're
going all the way this time. We're not
holding back anymore. Um,
I'm not going to show all of these, but
what I will say is that
for the first time since Cutie Marks,
this album's going to have banners for
every single song.
And so, for example, here's the quick
scope one.
Why did it Wait, sorry. Why? Why did it
take me this long to realize web punk
wasn't about spiders? No, it can be if
you w if you so desire. It can be.
Um,
and here's the web punk one. I [__]
love the web punk one.
Fire.
Um, and oh, okay. There's Okay.
Um,
let me see if there's any other one
before before I want to show this one.
Okay, here's here's the other one I
think you ever would like is the Jester
one.
Oh, I'm so excited. Oh, I'm so excited.
Oh, I'm so excited.
Honestly, the album really [__]
sounds like this image. Am I so for
real?
And like [__] like this.
We're We guys, we're like so back. Like
actually, that's like the best way I
could put it with this album is like
we've been lost. We've been lost for a
long time and now we're finally we're
finally home type. There's a little bit
of grues. There is a little bit of
grues. I still don't know where it is.
Um
but uh
let's see. I was actually going to
I think I remember a stream or two ago
I was talking about the black garden
wallpaper
which is what you see in the in the
background here
is also here. Wait is also
it's not there.
That's a different one.
That's a different one. So it's just the
start screen.
The start screen has the black garden
wallpaper, the vector garden wallpaper.
And a couple streams ago, I was going to
talk about the lore of it cuz it's a
whole thing.
Um,
so
um there's multiple reasons uh there
there's multiple connections between
Cutie Marks and Love and Pony Step. One
of them is the story thread of Bonnie
actually, but it's more like the real
life counterpart rather than the Cutie
Marks counterpart. And I'll explain
this. So,
um,
in the song Bonnie in Cutie Marks, um,
Bonnie is one of the names of like the
first internet friend I had ever made.
sometime 2009 2010.
I would have been like 10 or 11.
Um,
actually, [__]
Yeah, it would have been like 2010. No,
wait, wait, wait. Hold on. I can I can
find this out cuz I have I have a I have
a file. I have a file
doing this on my left side here real
quickly. Um,
2010. Okay, this was in 2010. I met I
met Bonnie, the OG Bonnie, in 2010. Um,
it was for a website, pokemons.webs.com.
There was a
a like kind of like a Wix type website
called webs or freewebs back in the day.
And
um
basically if you made a website with
this this uh this free webs you would
get like website.webs.com
and I had some like darkest parcal one
like darkest perceral.webs.com or
something. Um
and I don't remember exactly how I found
this out. Um, I think one of my
classmates
at one point had told me about like the
webs stuff.
Um, and I must have started trying to
make my own websites and stuff. Around
the time I was using this, this goes
[__] deep, man. Um around this time
in 2009 2010 I was active on a website
called bakuspace.com
which was a Bakugan myspace website.
That's where my username was darkest
personal 95.
And um somehow
uh I don't remember if it was before or
after I had also come into
um like uh contact with this Pokemon fan
clubs.webs.com.
And cuz I was really into Pokemon. I was
really into Bakugan. I'm still pretty
into Pokemon. I'm still like
conceptually really into Bakugan.
to it to an extent, mostly the original
Bakugan. Um, but where was I,
Bonnie? So, when it came to the original
Cutie Mark song, I was like really
hesitant to give out too many details
about all this stuff. I was sort of just
like it was mostly a self-consciousness
thing. Like, I didn't want people to
think too much about about me, my life,
and and whatever in the context of of
this stuff. I was a little bit shy about
it. I felt embarrassed. I was like, "Oh,
just childhood me being whatever and
whatever." Um, but with this album, I
wanted to revisit a lot of that stuff
and sort of be more upfront and be more
pushy and more like more like uh
assertive about it. And so, here's the
thing is Bonnie is not actually the name
I knew this person as. Um, the name I
knew this person as was actually Deiri D
E R Y. And she was the web master of
Pokemon fan clubs.webs.com.
And
back then,
this image was the splash page
background for that website.
If you go on archive and go to
pokemon.webs.com, you will see this this
image, I it took me a while to find a
higher quality version of it cuz if you
try and get it from the archive, it's
kind of whatever. And so this image I I
got to have as a connection
with the Pokemon fan club stuff. And
even crazier, even crazier. And people
don't even [__] know this. Like they
just don't because I'm like I keep doing
stuff and just not explaining myself
because it's funny. But like my Twitter
banner right now, this wolf, I think I
even tweeted it.
Where was it? Where was that wolf? This
wolf.
Like I be tweeting out this [__] No one
knows what the [__] I'm talking about.
This wolf was also on the splash page of
pokemons.webs.com.
And um
I'm I just have all this [__] I just
have all this [__] Um
is it healthy to cling on to this stuff
so tightly? Questionable.
But I think what I'm trying to get at
with a lot of this stuff is that no
matter because I I I have been
I have been growing. I can't even say
that anymore. Uh, I haven't been growing
as an artist in popularity and sound and
quality, etc., etc., etc., and I'm It's
starting to get to the point where I'm
like really stressed out and anxious by
how many people are like paying
attention to me. Like,
of course, I want to grow my audience.
Of course, I want more people to listen
to my music. But what comes with that is
this weird popularity thing. And that's
getting a little bit tough for me to
swallow. Um, which is really funny
because when I was younger, when I was
first starting out the Violet Pony
project, I remember having a big like
stick up my ass about it being like,
"Oh, I want to be super popular. Oh, I
want everyone to adore me, etc., etc."
And like all these years later, I feel
like I'm starting to well, not starting
to. I've I've I've attained this well
beyond a goal that I had set as a child
and realizing how much anxiety this [__]
gives me. And I it's like I kind of have
to coexist with it because that just
comes with the territory of like making
music and wanting to grow your your like
project.
It's like a double-edged sword. And so
as tough as it is to deal with like
people paying attention to me so much
more now, people hang on to my every
[__] word, which is a little bit
terrifying if you think about it. I
don't know if you've ever had to like
consider that like every single thing
you say people can end up just deciding
to quote for like months on end if they
choose to.
Just random people on the internet that
you don't know. That's a lot. Um,
but
in all of that, in all of this like
growth that that's happening as an
artist, as a person, as like a Violet
Pony project,
in my mind, uh, part of this is
nostalgia, but part of it is me putting
my hoof down and being like, I'm going
to always remember where I came from. I
don't give a [__]
about how vain it might seem. I don't
give a [__] about how trivial it might
seem because like
reality is if it weren't for the Pokemon
fan clubs.webs.com
facilitating
an interest in the internet, in arts, in
making friends, I don't know what this
music thing would be yet.
I never shared my music with Deiri, but
I did tell her about my music
cuz even before Violet Pony, obviously I
was still writing music as a Dark
Phoenix for however many years. Dark
Phoenix spilled wayback machine page for
Pokemon fan club is bugged. Uh, it
shouldn't be.
Wait, bugged? Do you mean like how how
exactly? But um but I I want I want to
like
no matter how big Violet Pony gets, I
want to always remember that where I
started was this [__] tiny Pokemon
fan website. I'm never going to let that
go. And I want to be like super proud of
it.
Like I don't want to treat it as some
trivial thing. It's like kind of what
raised me a little bit.
And what's tough about that is again,
same reason I wrote Bonnie the song is
that
um
I can't really necessarily reach out or
be friends with this person, you know,
change so much. Life is so different.
I'm so different. It would be hard to
explain so many different things without
it being like weird or embarrassing. Um
and so it's this weird distant
appreciation that I can't really offer
directly. So, it feels like I cry for
help sometimes when I'm thinking about
these things. Um, but then,
um, one of the tags on the album is just
Neco saying, "Shout out
pokemons.webs.com
forever." That shows up a few times. But
then the other thing is, and because the
lore gets deeper, the lore gets deeper.
The other thing is is that the song on
the album peace, love, glley is a
reference to Deir's friend
from that era. Peace love Gley is
another is the other person who I met on
that website who was friends with with
Deiri. I don't know if they're still
friends. Um, in the research that I was
doing, I had a hard time finding any
connection between the two of them after
the year of like 2012.
So,
could have fallen out, good or bad, I
don't know. So, I won't assume that
they're still friends. I would, you
know, like to like to hope that
friendship remained facilitated. Um,
but,
um, I am able to look at Deir's current
Instagram whenever I feel like it. Deiri
is still very present online in some
way, shape, or form. Um, I'm not really
going to give out that information, but
it's it's around there. Whereas this
peace love gay person,
I don't know much about them aside from
when we talked in the Pokmon fan club's
chat rooms because there was a uh what
the [__] was it called?
The [__] this thing
on the Pokemon fan club's website. we
had this like like weird chat Zat chat
thing and we would we would talk there
on like the homepage of the website and
um
that's where I would like be have our
conversations we would just have our
conversations there um and
beyond those things I don't really know
much about peace love gly and it's crazy
because I know so much about deary.
Deary is still very present online and
you can you can
it makes sense.
And so peace of gay the song is
partially about me being like no [__]
clue who you were and yet you had a
weird impact on my life. I don't even
really know your name type [__]
Um and just thinking about that stuff.
Um, I'm not going to give it out right
now, but I think the craziest I know it
keeps getting crazier, but I think the
craziest thing out of all of this stuff
is that if you look hard enough, you can
actually find an archive forum post, not
on archive, but that's still publicly
available.
a forum thread of me and the galley
person negotiating a chat for a level 52
Rhydon and like a level 25 Eevee in a
forum thread from
I think
14 years ago. It's still up.
It's like Hold on. Hold on. Hold on.
I have it here.
Oh. Oh, my bad. 15 years ago.
It's from 15 years ago. 15year-old forum
thread between me and Gayy
are is still up.
And I it's really funny because
basically the gist of the interaction
was um me being like, "Oh, I have a
level 52 rideon. I will trade it for
Hold on. I need to get this up again."
It was It was maybe the worst trade of
all time. The worst trade offer of all
time. I'm going to read this.
In package, you get Ryon level 52. Um,
want what I want for this? Here's what I
Here's what I wanted for a level 52
ride-on. Any one of these. Okay, you
ready? You ready for this? A level 52
ride-on. I wanted a
a
I wanted a Ldios
or a Bons or Bonsley
or an Eevee.
or a Blastoise
or a shiny Charizard
or a Venusaur
or a bay leaf. What the [__] did this
mean even a little bit?
It was just like a [__] normal level
52 ride on. And I'm out here asking,
could someone get me a shiny Charizard?
Like this is real.
Yeah. And the range. And the range.
Bonsley. Like Bonsley.
What's the big What's the big deal about
Bonsley?
Oh. Oh. Oh. There's a due date.
There's a due date.
I said the due date was July 6th for
this trade. What the [__] was I on?
611. Yeah, basically
July 6th is my mom's birthday. Um, I
have a level 52 Una. Um, I want like a
Gr. I think maybe a shiny goose. What a
shiny Gru.
No, no, no, no, no. I'm sorry. I'm
sorry. Just
owner Darcus cheats none. Exclusive/
limited package. Yes. Due date July 6th.
What in the [__] am I talking about?
That's a really scary date. Now, now
again, I was 11,
so obviously I wasn't as smart as they
come. However, what the [__]
Like like I even at 11 years old, I feel
like I should have known that a level 52
Rhydon for a shiny Charizard is
absolutely insane.
There's no way I didn't know that. I
must have been trolling a little bit.
I must
level 52 right on merch drop.
A great insane t-shirt would be just
like a picture of Rhydon the word level
52 and it just says, "Do you guys want
this?"
Okay. Um
and and and they responded,
"I just looked it up and I didn't
realize that the Eevee had evolved into
an Espeon." They were talking about what
an Eevee that they were going to trade.
Hi Tori. Tori, can you hear me from the
other room?
Uh, I have another level 25 Eevee. I can
level that up pretty quickly. Just give
me an idea of what you're looking for. I
think this Eevee was migrated from leaf
green
this time. This
I
I'm talking about a trade I attempted to
initiate 15 years ago on this forum.
Why am I only 5 years older than those
messages? Don't say that. That terrifies
me.
You still have the ride on. I have
bonsai for still. Okay, so I have
something really tragic to say, guys.
No, it didn't go through. Who the [__]
is going to trade a shiny Charizard for
level 52 Ryon? Um, and Gly had a level
25 Eevee. They weren't going to actually
level it up all the way to 52 just for
me.
just for ride on. Just for [__]
Rhydon.
Um, but I have sad to say. Um,
my favorite Pokemon game of all time is
Pokemon Platinum, obviously. Um, and
this was over Pokemon Platinum cuz this
was in 2010.
Um, might well wasn't for
actually I haven't considered this. This
wouldn't be for hard gold till silver,
would it be?
When did this come out? Oh,
was this for hard gold soul silver?
I wasn't even considering it.
This might have been for hard gold. I
didn't have soul silver. I had hard
gold.
Huh.
This entire time I thought this was for
platinum, but that actually wouldn't
make sense anymore, would it? It's going
to have with the little charm. You could
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think I still
have mine, too. I still have the box for
hard gold. Hold on. I don't know where
my pokey walker thing is, but I still
have the box for it.
I don't know why I still have it. I just
really like this.
I don't even know where my platinum one
is. It might be one of the other things,
but
it's a little It's a little [__] up.
No money on this one.
Okay. So, I think it would be reasonable
to conclude that this was probably for
part gold, soul silver trade. Still,
still that doesn't really make it make
sense though.
Why Ryon? Because at that point, Rhydon
would have evolved into Riperior surely.
It would make sense to trade.
It It would make sense to trade for like
getting it to evolve cuz that's cuz
Riperior is the one that does that,
right? Or am I losing my mind here?
Yeah. Okay. It was a trade evolution,
but like if if it was a trade evolution,
why didn't I keep it? Why was I like
give me a Charizard and take the
Riperior that it would evolve into?
None of this [__] makes any sense. This
trade makes no [__] sense. I I'm
still losing my mind over it. Again, 11
years old.
No, no, no, no, no. I Because it was
shiny, you had priorities. Okay. No
one's going to trade me a shiny
Charizard for even a shiny ride on
the gift of convenient Riperior.
Um,
but just what at 11 years old, I
probably knew better. At 11 years old, I
feel like you can cont contemplate how
this stuff works, especially if you were
into Pokmon as much as I was. I haven't
been playing Pokmon since I started
having memories.
I literally do not remember a time of my
life where Pokemon was not involved.
There's no way at 11 years old I didn't
know what I was doing. I was definitely
not trying to scam them, though. These
were my friends. I cared about them.
But what I don't I can't figure out what
my actual intentions were. Um
I just I just can't.
Anyway, all that to say that forum post
is still publicly available 15 years
later.
So,
all that all that said and done,
this all ties in to the Bonnie arc of
cutie marks, cuz this all has to do with
that same social space with the same
growing up on Pokemon fan clubs.
Um
but
um I brought that up obviously because
of the black garden wallpaper that
that's that this is all why the black
garden wallpaper
is so like significant to me is cuz this
is like a visual that not only has
everything to do with where I grew up on
the internet first and foremostly but
also it's representative of the time I'm
considering musically. Yeah, this is all
still connected to this [__]
wallpaper. And this image carries so
much weight to me. It carries so much
weight to me.
We post a contextless image of like a
level 52 ride on now. Yeah, probably at
some point that we won't again like
usual. We won't we won't say anything.
Everyone who knows knows though.
Um,
and this ties into one last thing cuz I
was showing the banners.
So, I was showing the banners that I had
made for the for the album. And the
banner for Peace Love Galilee is this
one.
And this is mostly
mostly unedited
and is preserved as is.
A couple of years ago, I actually posted
a crop of this part right here on
Twitter and I said something about how
that looks like Heatran.
I feel like zero people are ever going
to remember that, but in case anyone
does, that's why I posted this and it
was a couple of years ago.
Um, I also have a deep fascination for
Windows Vista/ Windows 7 because I've
been a Mac user all my life. But I
remember I remember when I I started
getting into these websites, being on
the internet a lot and caring a lot
about computers and like you know having
starting to form an individuality for
myself. I remember as a Mac user being
really really really obsessed with Vista
and Windows 7.
And like it was it was it was so
fascinating and beautiful to me. And it
never stopped looking beautiful to me.
Um
what the [__] were they on when they
made this UI, dude? Like
it it was it was so good. Like
minimalism has ruined so much [__] And
I'm not feeling this way at a point of
nostalgia. I have never stopped feeling
this way. when they switched to um when
they did the final switch to like
Windows 10, I remember lamenting the
death the death of that arrow aesthetic.
It it it was painful then and it's still
painful now. It's this is not really a
nostalgia thing. I've always been kind
of sad about it. Um and this is me as a
as a Mac user. I've been a Mac user my
entire life. But on the in the on the
topic of being a Mac user, right? Um I
don't know who here keeps up with any
Apple stuff, but they've been doing this
thing now cuz they've they've embraced
this sort of
really really flat minimalism since like
2014, 13, 15, something like that. 2015,
I think.
like somewhere around there, Apple
Switch 2 being really, really flat. And
I remember feeling really skeptical
about it when that happened, but I had
been so used to the previous UIs of
Apple that I was interested in change of
any degree. Very quickly, I realized I
just did not like the flat design of the
Apple stuff very much. Then in 2020,
five, six years later, they started
doing all this new morphism stuff and it
looked interesting and I was like really
happy cuz they were bringing more colors
in and bringing more like depth to their
designs and stuff in a way that felt a
lot more refreshing and more reminiscent
of their older stuff. Um,
and now 5 years after 2020,
they're doing the whole liquid glass
thing. And I don't know who here is
super privy to that. Um, but Apple is
like touting this new liquid glass
aesthetic of of design stuff here. And
I'm I'm having a bit of a moment in in
two different ways because one, this is
still technically minimalism.
It's newism, but still minimalism. But I
have to be completely honest. Is it
super expensive for performance? For
performance? I don't know if that's
going to be the case. We'll have to find
out after betas are done. But like
if if I ignore if I ignore performance
ideas right now, I think this actually
looks really cool. I think this is a
really pretty idea.
I I don't dislike this.
I think it's better than the flat
minimalism we've had for so long. And
again, this is not a nostalgia thing. I
have just not really liked minimalism
very much. Um, there was a time where I
think I tried to embrace it and I just
got really really warped and bored of it
really quickly,
but it's not ideal. Like, and that
that's the thing is like this is a step
in the right direction. I prefer this
over the previous branding of Apple,
especially because these menus feel a
lot more intuitive.
Um, the glass is really pretty,
um, and all that stuff, but it's still
missing
the tactility.
I wanted to talk about Aqua cuz I've
been thinking a lot about Aqua
for a while now.
Um,
I don't know who's going to be overly
familiar with this cuz most people are
Windows users. So, um, bear with me if
you're not really familiar with any of
this stuff, but,
um,
the design philosophy that they had
moving into the 2000s,
and it kind of stayed this way until I
want to say like 10, 15 years later, was
their Apple Aqua idea where everything
was like kind of this way type [__]
really beady, watery, glossy, very very
textured.
And
I think
I think initially the aqua stuff wasn't
as good as it could have been. And then
around like I want to say 2008
2009 I think is when Apple's design
truly truly peaked because it wasn't
fully aqua. It wasn't fully brushed
metal. It wasn't fully minimalism. It
was this blend of just every kind of
thing like uh
um when they were doing Snow Leopard
stuff cuz Snow Leopard was still
technically
it it was still technically aqua but
very subtly so it had had enough time to
develop and and whatnot. Um,
this era of Apple design, this to me is
still the most special.
You have like the sleek reflective
surfaces there. You have you still have
aqua interface stuff like these buttons.
Um,
God, where can I find better example?
Like this here, like these buttons over
here, these drop down menus. This is
what I think is Apple at its best. This
is when I think
I understand why Apple doesn't allow
people to use skins or doesn't allow
people to like modify the look and feel
of their system beyond the scope of like
colors and and basic stuff like that
because it's a part of their marketing.
It's a part of the way they like
advertise their updates and their their
operating systems. But by god, I would
pay really good money for my computer to
be able to look like this again. I
really would because
it was just better. The tactility was
all there. Everything was communicated
far better. Far better visually. Um,
more colors, more depth. Um, just enough
information. They didn't they didn't
nerf the settings for everything. modern
Apple settings. They like to like Yeah,
we can't modify that in Mac at all. It's
ridiculous. Um
the settings I'm not going to open my
settings right now, but like all sorts
of settings and system preferences on
Mac, they like to shove all the options
into little corners now. Whereas before
I'll zoom
like
before
they had this control panel that looked
like this for your system preferences.
This was perfect. The images are large.
They're they're right they're right in
front of you. Uh you can build a really
good mus muscle memory for this. And
once you clicked on something, it gave
you all the options. All the options for
what you're trying to edit in that one
area. Now, now it's really nice because
now it's a bunch of lists.
Click one thing to click into another
thing, to click into another thing, to
click into another thing just to get to
what they call advanced settings, but
normal people technically call normal
settings.
It's just getting more and more
unintuitive as we go on. It's so [__]
stupid. Like, I have never in my life
had to struggle to find sound settings
on my computer. I've been using Macs
since I was a since I was an infant.
Literally, one of the oldest pictures of
me from when I was like one or two years
old is me at a computer. I was at a
keyboard. It's I I've literally grown up
on a keyboard. I have never struggled to
find sound settings on a on a on a
computer until modernday Apple ever.
It feels like it moves around
constantly.
It's so stupid.
Um,
that said, this this flatness, I can't
understand it. I can't understand it.
It's so unintuitive. It's so
uninteresting looking. The lack of
colors is killing me. Um,
this is so much more colorful first and
foremostly. And you also have like two
tiers of like more generalized settings
and then more like complicated like
techy settings and stuff. Things you
access more frequently and things you
access maybe less frequently. It's it's
simple but it's still very
communicative. I don't know what's
happening here. There's too many things
happening here.
It's not it's not it's not acceptable.
Um, and again, you go and look at things
like snow leopard and like it's so
pretty.
All the all the shadows, all the shapes,
all the colors, all the like texture
reflections. It's so beefy. It has so
much personality. What the [__] happened
to Apple, dude? Steve Jobs dying was
like the end. I think
Apple has technologically improved a
lot. Like they have technologically
improved a lot. The specs on modern
Apple devices are [__] insane.
But despite the technology being so
impressive behind this stuff, god,
they're a [__] pain. Like
uh what are we on? We're on Ventura.
like
what's a good screen. I know I'm on a
Mac, but I want to find like their
advertising for it to show the
difference.
Um,
just what is a good example? [__]
I guess this is kind of a reasonable
example, but this is not even high
quality. So, thank you very much for
that.
Okay. Uh, well, that doesn't have a lot
of windows either.
I want to find one with a lot of
windows. Okay.
I just got to open a bunch of windows.
Just open a bunch of windows.
This is currently right here. What
you're looking at, this is like the Mac
experience right now. Oh, you know what?
Let's change this to like this or
whatever.
[__]
Okay, let's not do that.
Um, I don't even use the carousel view.
This is like the average Mac experience.
Okay.
Like, it's so flat. It's so quote
unquote clean unquote. It's so clean.
It's like, okay, sure. Um, you go to
looking at stuff like this and like,
God, I miss this [__] so much, man.
It looks so good. I'm
like even just something as simple as
these these the stop the stop sign or
the traffic sign symbol up here being so
much more tactile looking on like Snow
Leopard.
This this is that era of design that is
never going to come back from a company
but I wish it did.
All of these applications being so
square and uniform is so it's so like so
much more personality with these
uh most of Apple peripherals have been
downgraded. Their keyboards suck, their
mouses, their mice suck. Even though
their old keyboards and old mice were
top of the line despite their keyboards
mostly being like what membrane, but
they were still reasonable.
I would sell my soul
for modern Apple to look like this. I
really would.
Yeah, the photo booth icon that I was
obsessed with that too.
I even this even this [__] sidebar.
Compare that to this.
It's night and day difference, man.
I I can't intuitively understand what
these are without looking at them.
It's not that hard to like make it look
like this.
It really did lose its soul. The liquid
ga glass thing is in an interesting
direction.
This is an interesting direction. It's
nicer than the over minimalism that
we've been having, but like
what does the finder window look like?
I haven't even seen it.
I guess this is what the new finder
window looks like.
I mean, that's cool. It's like cool.
I don't love rounded corners that much
though. Like
I if you guys like rounded corners,
awesome. But like that curve is really
steep first and foremostly. Also, no one
makes rounded monitors. Everything's
going to have this weird tab type [__]
Either way, at least this is interesting
looking to some degree. I don't love the
rounded corners, but whatever.
We need to go back to this, man.
I I could talk about this for a really
really long time.
I actually have been talking about this
for a really really long time, believe
it or not. Why are Mac's folders blue? I
don't know. No idea. You can What's
funny is they were like, "Ooh, you can
customize your folders now in the new
Mac OS." It's like, we've actually been
able to [__] do that for a long time.
It's not really a new feature. You just
have to know how to do it.
How do you do it? You command I and then
actually let me do this with a folder
that I don't want to edit really
quickly.
You command I the thing you want to
change and you just drag an image there
and it should work.
And there you go. That's as simple as
that.
Not very difficult.
Now I know you didn't want me to change
it to gr
my wonderful. You can store all my gooes
here. You can store all the grues here.
I can store all the greases here. It's
funny. That's like really easy. I also
don't do it very often. I don't know why
I don't do it very often. I'm just lazy.
Sorry, Gruz folder. You're going away.
Thank god. Anyway, guys, genuinely all
that to say,
I love this wallpaper and it means a lot
to me.
Um,
something I've been doing is cuz I there
is no source for this wallpaper
unfortunately
and I've been having some backgrounds
like this in the album. Some of them are
stuff that artists for the album
actually made which is really cool. Some
of the wallpapers in the album are not
ones that any of the artists made. Um,
and what's really tough about the
wallpapers like this is they're almost
never sourced properly.
It's usually just [__] something on
wallpapers.com and that's it. And it's
like that that's really sad because like
I want to I want to know who made this.
I want to be able to thank them for it.
You know, that's something that's like
really important to me and credit them.
I can't credit them because no one
[__] knows who made this. And so for
the for the album,
anytime we have uh a wallpaper that
looks like this, I've been sourcing it
aside from the Black Garden wallpaper
from somewhere where that you can
source. Um, one of the places that I've
been looking is this person. this person
all the way, what was their last upload
was in 2013. But these earlier ones here
are from
2006.
Two 2006.
This person on Deviant Art had been
making these during the time where these
were popular. And what's important to me
is that if you have one of these, well,
you can credit the person who made them
because it's not just some wallpaper.com
[__] This is a real person that you
can attribute this to. And that's really
important to me.
I mean, this this [__] is insane, dude.
Like, h this people were on some [__]
People were on some [__] back in the
day. This this style is gone. The style
is gone now. Wait, I have a question.
Uhhuh.
I like how you sound scared already.
That's good. Um,
what if you were like looking for
sources for these wallpapers, right? And
you just found one that had Gru on it
from like 2006. That's not physically
possible. Exactly. That's what I'm
saying. What if you just like did the
Gru Paradox? The Goose Paradox. Yeah.
Thank Thank you, Reaper. XXIV.
Um,
there was another one I was looking at.
I'm going to see if I can find the other
one in a moment. But like these these
these wallpapers are this this feels so
good for my eyes. This feels really
healthy for my eyes.
Huge fan of this one.
Like
I miss this so much.
and I never stopped missing.
Um,
okay. Let me see if I can find
the
the other one that I was looking at.
Here we go.
And there's this other person.
And this person's wallpapers are just
just
th this this
is that [__] dude.
This this this is like everything.
I want my life to feel like this
wallpaper so [__] badly.
This is like again I have to ask this
question. What the [__] were people on
in like the late 2000s to be able to
like conceptualize this art? this kind
of art back back when the stuff came
out, everyone thought this [__] was like
really cheesy and really corny. And in a
way, it hasn't stopped being that way.
And at the same time, I feel like it was
also so undervalued. We're in the age of
AI now
where I feel like it's so much easier to
go back to this [__] and realize
how beautiful it was.
It was just someone needed this to exist
and it had to look like this.
It's abstract. It's weird. It's twe.
It's corny. But it's like beautiful.
It's like the greatest thing of all
time. This person,
first of all, I love these edits. Like
this is this is awesome. This is
awesome.
Um
this one this one I'm still going crazy
for.
2008 economic crisis. It's kind of that.
It's kind of that.
These were all so amazing.
I need the world to look like this
again. That's what we're trying to do
with this album just a little bit.
But yeah, and this is someone you can
attribute these to. You don't have to be
like, "No idea where that came from."
You can be like, "Well, that came from
SOT or whatever."
One day we'll find out how this is
pronounced. This person should be like
extremely extremely
uh get a lot of money for this.
They should get an extremely a lot of
money for doing these things.
The la this person's final Deviant Art
post was, "I'm moving back home and I'll
do some new art soon." And then that was
in 2011.
I hope they're I hope this person's
doing good.
I I really hope this person's doing
good.
God, the broken uni code. Yeah.
commissions them. If if if
we were able to track down this person
and they still did and they still did
art like this, you [__] bet you I'd
like them a million of these.
Knew there would be no ends to it. This
would be my only branding forever.
Well, maybe that's an exaggeration, but
I would I would really love that. Oh
yeah, these two. It's a C Simo Koets and
Reaper XXIV.
Both the goats from Canada and
Indonesia.
MP3 player of choice, iPod Touch.
Favorite cartoon character? Snake Eyes,
Optimus Prime, Wall-E.
Try to remember. There is no spoon.
Matrix reference.
This is like you literally can't find
[__] this good on the internet anymore.
What do you look up to find these kinds
of things? Um, a big part of it was,
well, first of all, you because this is
all Frutiger Metro stuff. Frutt this is
like Fruger floral. Sorry, this is
Fruger Metro and this stuff is like
Fruger floral or vector garden stuff.
And you're basically what I was doing a
lot was just going through compilations
people were putting together of like
different wallpapers of these types. And
I was basically waiting to see if I
could ever find one that actually had a
[__] name attached to them cuz all of
them just link back to literally just
wallpaper websites. And then it was just
a miracle whenever I found one where
there was a person behind it that you
could identify and attribute.
Can't wait for [__] like this to come
back. I think we're seeing a resurgence,
but I think it's going to be very indie.
I don't know if if corporations are ever
going to embrace something like this
ever again.
I think people are yearning for this on
a personal level, but companies don't
understand things. If they find it
lucrative, they might do it and make it
[__] That's the problem.
So, it's like you have to like bring it
back just enough so that everyone's
happy, but keep it away from companies
so they don't ruin everything.
Also, a really helpful thing is there is
obviously the aesthetics wikia or
whatever, which [__] sucks cuz it's
like fandom, I think. But
uh you can also use the uh kari
aesthetics institute and uh slightly
unrelated but like slightly related at
the same time. These two ones here I'm
really obsessed with recently. Again is
the uh Indie Craft stuff.
This is very much late 20 late 2000s
early 2010s type things.
I think we really underappreciated this
a lot.
Stuff that felt like this. Also, I
remember seeing this like that's [__]
Tennyson.
That's like newer.
Um, I messed up. I look like this little
big planet.
Divided fountains seets.
Go away.
Interesting. That That would be really
fascinating. Um,
uh, and the hypnosis purgatory. The
[__] name for this is really funny,
but I'm a huge fan of this. a huge fan
of this.
We need you for the Lakers. That's so
true.
How old would How old would they be now,
too?
This person seemed like they would have
been an adult when I was like 10.
Wait.
No idea
in their 40s right now. Oh my god. Oh my
god. Ah, the passage of time.
Um,
Reaper XXIV collab would be would be
generational to say the least.
or that's it.
This isn't fully comprehensive. The
fandom page has more stuff, but like
it's fandom.
So,
I've also I've also been thinking about
this stuff, too. Just a little bit.
It's a little twe that's a little silly,
but
I I've been thinking about it.
What do I not like, though? What's one
that annoys me?
Uh, the website is Kari Kari Institute
of Aesthetics.
But which one pisses me off though?
Which one pisses me off? This one's
good. Internet Awesome sauce is good.
Shout out Savant.
Frer Arrow tends to annoy a lot of
people. I think it's a little bit of
both. I think Frediger Arrow is super
cool and also super stupid at the same
time. And we were just talking about
Windows 7, Windows uh Windows Vista, Mac
OS, like Aqua stuff. I think it depends.
I think that there is a type of like
obsession with the Fruger Arrow stuff
that's like over overdone and like and
not considered authentically. And
there's lots of parts of it that are are
not considered as fully cuz I don't
think a lot of people um see a lot of
this stuff the way I'm describing it
right now. I guess I'm not really into
like um
what is what's the best way to do this?
Like this this I'm kind of like
whatever.
I'm just like this is this is just
whatever to me. Stuff like that is just
like whatever to me.
Um,
like this this is like whatever to me. I
can't see. I I my eyes hurt just a
little bit.
Um,
and also [__] no one's ever like the
design of of Microsoft Office
applications. It's it's too much. This
is too much.
I do like the slickness of it though,
but it's too much. So, my my my interest
is is a little bit and this this is um
I think this is cute, but like please
don't make us ever go back to whatever
this is visually. That that's that's a
little bit too far back.
So, I feel like there's a balance needed
here.
The Wii is peak though. The Wii is peak.
The Wii is peak.
You know what I did see? I saw some
video come up in my timeline.
Um, I think it was something like how to
make Frutiger Arrow music and I was
like, "What the hell are you talking
about?
That's not a thing. There there isn't a
Frutiger Arrow music. What are you
talking about? This is like Spotify.
This is like Spotify propaganda."
Like Spotify type propaganda [__]
There there is Frer Arrow is not a
music. That is there's never been anyone
who's like I'm going to listen to Fruter
Arrow music. That's not a thing.
Barely anyone was calling this [__]
Frutter Arrow back in the day when it
was prominent. That it's a it's a
corporate it's a corporate term. There
isn't a Frera music.
It's not a type of music yet. Genres and
scenes need to be defined communally,
not by some person who just decided that
they exist.
Like that's that's the equivalent of
like when Silver and I were like 13 and
we humored the idea of um
of making complex music with guitars
only and calling it acoustic.
Like that is that's just not how music
happens. That's just not that's not how
genres emerge. You can't just decide
they exist. It's like a communally and
and historically researched and decided
thing. It it emerges through the court
of public opinion. You can't just decide
it exists.
Um, same same thing. Funny the funny
thing too is like
is also you could easily be describing
something that already exists and you
just want to feel kind of special for
having your own word for it. And I have
experience with this of the sense that
like um there was a time where when
Silver was getting into math rock music
and getting me into math rock music and
showing me stuff and they were like what
if we we were both mutually like oh what
if we combined like math rock with like
electronic music? We could call it
Matrix rock, right? That's crazy. And we
in reality, we were just describing like
brain dance folktronica music, stuff
that already existed, but we just wanted
to feel like we were contributing
something new.
That's what's happening with this
[__] how to make Fruttar Arrow music.
No. Yes. You're you're you're okay. It's
okay.
It's okay.
I get it. But it's okay.
Um,
all that thing all that being said,
yeah, math rock is a thing. Math rock is
a thing that it Okay, there are aspects
of Fruger Arrow which are cool and
aspects that that are just so like
nostalgia is whatever. It's like it can
be a powerful force, but let's also be
serious with ourselves. Like a lot of
the stuff is not extremely intuitive. A
lot of the stuff went out of fashion for
a reason. Um there are parts of it which
were lost to time because companies are
stupid. But there are also parts of it
that we can't just be like, "Oh, that
was always good when it wasn't."
Uh Violet Pony Math Rock when I'm pretty
sure I've done Math Rock. Didn't Didn't
people call um the second half of Bonnie
and Math Rock?
There's This is too much. There's like
too much of this. Ow.
I do like this though. This is nice. But
it's not overwhelming. That's the thing.
yacht rock.
Oh my acoustic petro. What's funny is
what we were describing as acoustic
petro eventually just became typewriter.
Typewriter is what we were describing
years before.
Um yacht rock is a real genre. Yeah.
It's like
yacht rock
yacht rock feels like a more
funky
question mark influenced sort of AO like
adult contemporary rock music style.
I feel like there isn't a lot of yacht
rock music that I would enjoy. It's sort
of
it sort of is a product of itself a
little bit.
That's a double-edged sword. Nostalgia
has a double-edged sword.
I think it's good to like pick and
choose stuff and then figure it out
cuz even just the original Mac Mac OS
Aqua is kind of like whatever. I think
it took a while for it to develop into a
a sty 320 megabytes of memory
2002.
Oh my goodness.
Damn. 2002 was a while ago.
Just a year before something really
funny was happening happening.
You can run Runescape on low graphics
with 360 megabytes. 2002 was like
yesterday,
guys. Guys, I didn't even finish my
[__]
I didn't finish my punnel, doll.
[Music]
Uh, it's that.
Oh god, it's that it's that song in my
heart or whatever. Um, fair the fairy
tales tales from Equestria.
Oh, that feeling that feeling I get in
my heart.
[Applause]
Almost said the name of the song in the
chorus.
There we go. It only took an hour and a
half to finish this one. Yeah.
Wait. Oh [__] That's me.
What the [__]
What is this?
Maybe you have glitter.
Is it harbor? No.
What the [__]
Oh,
it's trails.
That took me for a second.
Not now. It's a intermission.
Uh,
different kind of magic.
[Music]
Hard to say anything. I recognize those
cords anywhere.
It's sniff again.
Okay.
either create a message from my little
player to the princess. I can't tell
which
[Music]
keepsakes.
No.
Oh, what the [__]
lines.
We're just talking about typewriter.
Uh, wait. Eyes on me. Just say mad this
time. The syllables.
[Applause]
Okay, let's get a perfect score.
I'll stop when I get a perfect score.
[Applause]
I have visions.
[Music]
Don't know what that is.
Can I just tell you? Please, please,
please. [__] you.
[__] you. [__] you.
[__] you. [__] you. [__] you. [__] you.
I'm right.
[Music]
Said,
I think you can put in the initials, but
you can't just put in part of it.
dream library, right? Yeah. I haven't
listened to Fish Whisperer in a while.
Spell that correctly.
Prince.
What?
Hey hey hey
hey hey hey hey hey extraid
hey hey
hey
hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey
hey hey hey hey hey
hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey
I
I don't even know what this could be. I
don't even have a a a small idea.
Hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey, hey,
hey. I don't even know.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey, hey.
Hey,
is it your famous song? Bruce sexy.
I don't know.
Hey,
hey,
hey, hey, hey.
I don't know.
[Music]
[Applause]
What?
[Music]
Oh, moon fire. No, I was thinking
moonlight glow.
Moonlight glow.
Moonlight glow does it again.
Oh, I was thinking of moonlight glow.
And isn't that the beauty of it all?
Daddy said trolling you even when she's
not tear
now. Now now introducing Moonlight. Oh
yeah.
Okay.
I'm I'm [__] man.
That's another class of this graffiti.
Oh man, no. Graffiti. Graffiti is really
so [__] good. Just like saying that
like I love I love graffiti. It's such a
good song.
I feel like I knew what this was for two
seconds and I forgot.
It's not identity, is it? Nope.
Oh, no. It's very close though. It's
[Applause]
[__]
dance. I'm so mad, dude.
Can I spell this correctly?
[__]
Man,
It's not going to be I don't know. I'll
tell you.
[Music]
[__]
What if instead of what if instead of my
letter it was my left stroke just went
by? It can be.
I know this one. Is it death of all
magic or the death of the death of all
magic? I don't remember.
I think it's the death of all magic.
Yeah. Some it sometimes it's fine with
you taking off the cuz earlier when you
did um [__] I can't remember memory.
Yeah. Hippogri festival it did it fine.
Yeah. Hamburger Festival. You didn't do
the but it counted it anyway. Oh, is
there
[Music]
about 2020?
That's a square one, right? Yeah.
Oh, reflected in the eyes of the cavern
worker.
Hooray. I got a perfect score. A very
All right. Now, do it until you find
Gross.
Hello.
Hi.
I'm so happy. It made me so much. Sorry,
I can say words. It made me so happy how
much Paradise Valley you did at Nhem.
Yeah. I was like that seems like the
most fun to like perform cuz also it's
like the it's very like vocally focused
um
in a way that I could definitely do
whereas like obviously a Monarch would
have just been a damper to try and
perform anything like that there.
Um, but also that one's a really that's
a really strenuous album to perform to
begin with. You should have played Get
Sexy. Wait. And then the other the other
recent album I had done was uh Girls Who
are Wizards and it's like well that's
mostly just stuff I would be DJing and I
don't want to do a DJ set this time. Um,
you should have done a match up mashup
of Get Sexy and Sludge.
So that's a really scary sentence, but I
agree.
Zuri.
Oh. Oh, I'm afraid.
Wait. No. No. No. No. I was joking.
Quit. It's a joke. You don't have to do
this.
You have to do this now. Oh, no. No. Oh,
no.
I need to stop saying things. No, no,
no. Keep saying things.
Oh, Gwen, did Gwen, did you see my um
did you see my beautiful Gundam?
Oh no.
Here it's
[Applause]
it's beautiful. [__] sludgy.
Good. And it's all for me.
Oh. Oh, you finished it. The bird. It
turns It turns into a stupid little
plane idiot. The bird. The bird.
I still need to panel line it and put
decals, but it's dark out. I can't go
top coat it. So,
the bird. The bird.
What if Oh. Oh, you're Oh, you're
actually doing it.
[Music]
Oh [__] I didn't I just realized
that just one of the ones I didn't
export stems to
cuz that was done in like two projects.
Hold on.
I think I have the vocals for the first
part though.
Oh, that's not the right part.
[Music]
The wild is carrying hate and all my
ever psyche in a box of blood red tape.
Post a child to snake oil. I I think I
don't remember what tempo this is at. It
might be 120.
Am I the
Am I the master? Am I the master of my
fate or will this carrying of hate? Am
all my ever rising psyche in a box of
blood? Am I the master of my fate or
will? I the master of my fate or will. I
the master of my fate or will. This
carrying of pain and bomb my ever rising
psyche in a box of blood red tape. Ghost
to child torn snake oil goddess.
Cardinal ashes much too modest.
Priestesses of a sin knowledge. Strong
high tempered sense.
[Music]
The
am I
am I the master of my fate? Awesome
riding
like blood red tape post a child twin
snake oil ashes much too modest
the master of my favor wielders carrying
of hate and my evering psyche in a box
of blood red tape
the problem is the temp's not
The master of my
master of my fate or wielders carrying
of hate and my ever riding psyching in a
box of blood red tape post a child torn
snake oil ashes much to priestesses of a
lesser knowledge
[Music]
he said
sent to me when
[Music]
equal measure
simple pleasures life
sinister sacred right of a tiny bra
sickness to be free
to be free
to be
to be afraid.
[Music]
Do I have the center of Dan in this file
like okay
free
[Music]
[Applause]
Oh yeah.
Hey, can you put this over?
I need this fight.
Me too, actually. Yeah.
[Music]
[Applause]
Oh, just side chain like this. Hey, can
you add three spooky 5 me? Okay, that's
where I draw the line.
Am
[Music]
I the master of my fate? Awesome.
My ever riding striking in a box of
blood red tape. Post a child torn snake
oil. Cardinal ashes much too.
Great things are happening but also
[Music]
As
no
assumption.
[Music]
with every innocent understanding
recommend.
[Music]
Worry my sickness to be free.
To be free.
[Music]
[Applause]
Okay. Okay.
[Music]
or we could also talk about sludge trap.
Oh, we should talk about talk about
sludge trap really often. Oh, can I have
Yeah. Can we can we also have get
sludgy?
You're sludge trap.
[Music]
Hey,
hey, hey.
Hold up. Hello. Hold up.
What? Hello, Travis Barker.
Go away now.
Um, I accidentally opened that instead
of
Sludge Trap.
Flick drop sounds like a FNAF
animatronics name. Can be if you want.
Okay. Yay.
Hold up.
[Music]
Yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah. Videos on the floor. Videos at
your door. Videos got your hands up with
a clock. Hold up the corner store. They
see me with a vid. Greatest hits. Put a
hit on your [__] Throw a fit. Your name
is at the top of the list, [__] Top
top top topping off at number five.
Better get your ass inside. If you want
to stay alive, like, comment, share.
Don't forget to hit subscribe. Make sure
to get it notified. [__] to see these
coins arrive.
I'm making a list. I'm making a list. We
got to check it twice. Is there
something that I missed? We're going to
get down to the bottom of this. Giving
you the best with a flick of the wrist.
Tick tock. Your time is on the clock.
Double digits, baby. That's our
algorithm stocks.
FYP in the streets. Crude oil in my
crude oil in my stomach. Crude oil in my
knees. I pull up to the Tescas. Hello
baby. He that pesto cuz I'm drowning in
that great make growing baby presto.
Why did this happen? Hey Gwen, by the
way I forgot to tell you this. Um Ricker
had a really good idea. Uh which is all
right. Get sexy, right? You remake Get
Sexy, but you have you have Lindell
Brown do the spoken parts.
[__] thieves.
You hate me. You hate me. Really good
bit. Okay, I need to be right back.
Could you entertain everyone for me?
Thanks. That was so scary.
Yeah. Uh, let me I can pull the script
to my Cookie Run flor.
Do you think she'd like that?
Hello. I don't know. Maybe.
Uh, hi everyone. I'm uh Azy Bites, the
famous. You know me from Famous. Yeah.
Uh,
you should uh I'll
read my comic.
Yeah,
I know you from the person who suggested
get. Yeah, I'm the get sexy X sludge
person.
That's great. I love being known as that
now. Yay.
Wow.
Hello.
Everyone should do stupid [__] in
Ableton all the time. I think it's good
to do this.
Everyone in call me as he bites. Uh the
guy with the deep voice is extra. Yeah.
Uh, baddies here. Uh, bees here but
muted. And uh,
uh, and uh, Radiant Radiant Rubes.
Uh, Ruby is here, but muted. Yeah. I'm
Bailey. You're Batty? Yeah.
Oh, well, Bee's gone now. So,
the pill is coming and leaving.
How many of you should I blame for this
fire on the track? That's just me. I'm
It was my idea. I said it as a joke and
then she made it real. So,
I'm getting a haircut tomorrow. That's
pretty cool. That's nice. Yeah. Oh,
Bee's back. Okay. Okay. So, what if it
had killed me? Um
they kind of stabbed me a bunch.
Glad you got better. No, I didn't. I'm
dying right now.
[Music]
Relax. Oh.
Um,
guys, we should break this guy's
delicate clay plot. I can speak. Trust
you can miss our lucky star. We should
break this guy's delicate clay pot. Said
Larot.
Um, let's Oh, this V just stabbed seven
billion people. Oh,
that's right. We're framing you.
[__] Not again.
You should You should You have You found
a hammer. You should like kill someone.
Well, you you could maybe try and talk
to them first at least. Like, at least
ask if they want to get murdered by a
hammer.
There are some people that you can kill
without asking it. It's fine. It's
morally good even to do so. True.
I have rocket launcher. This really the
rocket launcher. Thank you, Betty.
That's really good. Really kind. Not
kind.
It is kind though. Sorry. Big
explosions. It's fine. Just don't do it
again.
Or do
actually. You know what? Yeah, do it
again. Actually, no, that'd be kinder.
Yeah, that'd be kinder, actually. Yeah.
And isn't the beauty of it all?
I'm the pony taker of the valley. Okay.
Uh, hi Violet gang. Have any of you
listened to musical transients by
sinewave? No, but uh our friend Fluffy
has and so it's on my list of things to
listen to.
Um,
yeah, your delicate clay pots. Um, yeah,
they've been broken, bro. Sorry about
the rockets. We can't fine.
Did you know?
No. If we took ponies
and
we took sludge.
Uhhuh.
And we put them together,
right? Okay. Mhm.
This happened.
Okay. What happened? Okay. Something
definitely
someone. No, I'm not reading that out
actually. Hello, guys.
Hi. Hello. Have my pills been behaving?
No.
Totally. Totally. Um, it's not like
Baddy like got a rocket launcher and
started blowing up the place or
something. No. Wait. No. Baddy, you
actually did it. I thought you were
joking.
We talked about this, Batty. I said
that's like a bad idea. A bat idea. Get
it? Ah,
you should start smashing things with
the bat.
A bad idea.
Oh my god. Wait, I just realized I had a
dream. Wait, it wasn't This is like a
while ago. I think it was a dream where
it was like Baddy had a bat or
something. I can't even remember. That
happens.
What? Yeah, I know.
And isn't that the beauty of it all? Oh,
look who's still here. It's the Black
Garden wallpaper.
Oh,
back garden wallpaper is a beautiful
name for a baby girl.
Not quite.
Is this like true?
There are lots of things that are true.
Mhm.
So, one time I was doing the thing
extra. Oh, they killed him. Extra's
dead.
Extra found dead.
Someone said, "Are you going to put get
sludgy in demos?"
Nope.
You give it to me specifically. Yeah, I
I also want it specifically. Yeah, me
too. You know what? Me, too.
I need to eat it. Like, consume it, if
you know what I mean. Oh, okay. Now he
said, "Give me it."
We love get sludgy.
Wait, where the [__] was I in Minecraft?
Minecraft.
I don't know.
Minecraft. Oh, why am I here? What was I
doing here? I don't even have anything,
dude. What are you doing here?
I don't remember what I was doing here.
I also don't remember what I've last
shown about Minecraft on stream.
I don't even know what's new on the
Minecraft server. Frankly, I was
building an enclosure and I was building
a place.
I don't think Dishi is ever going to
finish its rainbow bridge. Probably not.
I'm very sad about miss lucky star
officle partn said okay I go now but I'm
going to type it so it says missau lucky
star officical again so uh yeah gooby
gooby
gooby I I think I think the pilord
Minecraft server like reached its end of
its lifespan mostly no I still play
every once in a while
I've been building more towers by my Oh,
you love your towers. I love my towers.
It's really kind. I hope nobody hits
them with a plane or Yeah.
Uh, I should draw a gunlade. I need to
do that.
Gwen, which which like art of the
gunblade currently is most accurate? I
think I like Oh, it's my asked you this
before, but
um I can What if out of amethyst? Yeah,
amethyst and lapis.
You go into it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh,
I can send you the most accurate one,
but I I can't right now.
Okay.
I was building an enclosure in a world.
Mhm. Also, I think I remember what I was
doing out. I was going to get gold cuz I
wanted to build Clarinet's room out of
gold. Mhm.
I have lots of gold if you want to check
my house and steal some. Uh, a pilf.
Oh, yeah. Pin was building that today.
Today,
Chloe, today a pilf was happening. But
we have a pill.
Two of them now. One for each. Well,
that's fair.
Daddy said that's heartwarming.
Wait, a cadency. I could then see
within.
Oh my god.
Wait, how many creatures do we have now?
Oh, there's so many.
[Music]
You know, Gwen, he never found all my
roies.
Uh-huh.
I feel like that for the best.
You feel like that's what I I I I
think finding all the grues should
really be what life's all about. Finding
all those little gooes in life. Dinner's
ready. This meme is going viral. This
meme is going viral. This is the next
big meme.
Oh yeah, that's another pin. That's
another pin special. Okay.
I have one at my farm, too. Don't worry
about it.
Okay, then kaba.
This hit the trash can.
And this is And this is clarinet.
Yay.
What's the chicken's name?
What's just a chicken?
Does like have a name? Mm-
Can I name it? Okay.
Uh
berry
not very kind. This is Listerine.
Listerine's working every day, every
night.
[Applause]
I'll get gold, I suppose.
[Music]
I hit creek flow with my train the other
day.
[Music]
Not like on purpose. It was just on the
tracks.
That'd be good.
[Music]
I'm
a great
I'm love.
I wish you could see the creek floater.
[Music]
Oh,
I don't think he can swim.
[Music]
It's shy.
Oh, no. Never mind.
You can't do it when you're looking. It
gets too scared.
Nope.
Why? Why? Why?
The way the I'm like sped up was
actually kind of haunting.
[Music]
Relax.
Okay, I'm I'm
Chrissy. Oh, am I grown up machine? Oh,
do we have to? Yeah. Okay. Okay.
You're new.
Oh.
Heat. Heat.
Music world.
Oh, Gwen, I got two new fishies in my
tank. They have names.
I can go look at your fishies. You pee.
[Music]
Okay, I guess I go find gold.
Are there any retin link images on this
server?
Are there? I actually don't remember. I
don't I don't think so.
Part of me feels like there are
quite remember also don't know where I'm
going.
Why don't I go over there for the gets
and shiggles?
Relax.
Good mythical roar.
Patty said no world.
Okay. Patty,
we care about you.
Patty. Patty. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Baddy
baddy baddy earth that we live in. Okay,
boomer
steady
bra 21. What the dog doing though? Adam,
hurricane Katrina, more like hurricane
tortilla. Let me be clear. Right.
Free shakadoo. Free shakadoo.
I've never been to Uber driver.
road work ahead. Yeah, I sure hope it
does. I still have that one play in my
head whenever I see a road work ahead
sign. Yeah, same. It's like a disease
kind of. Same. Same.
Were you referencing that if you meet me
out in Khog song earlier? Not really.
You meet me out in Cohog. Say hi.
Meet me out in Vrohog. In Rohog.
Rohan. Sebastian Bach.
Mhm. Daddy said in Rut City.
Yeah. Veronut City.
Dylan.
Oh, skullk.
Oh, your favorite. Yummy.
Delish.
Got the shriaker already.
This might be bad girl.
Hey.
Oh, is that a
or another ancient city?
I think that's an ancient city. It looks
like one. Yeah.
I just want gold, dude.
No, it's it's skullk world.
I like when the skeletons fight each
other. It's funny. It's really sweet.
They're playing.
What?
That's a draw.
I like drawing.
You're drawing. Daddy said that's crazy.
I was drawing earlier, but I finished.
Start again.
I will later.
The ronut thrower.
The The ronut thrower.
Precisely,
dear.
Nut
la.
That's like the really important lady
from Gundam.
Okay.
Oh, zombies attacking you.
Oh, curse of [__] zombies and a spider.
It's like almost bad.
Mhm.
Diamond
lava do lava.
Holy [__] there's so many enemies.
Do it.
Where are you?
It's me. Yeah. Why are there so many
baddies?
I love seeing a baddy in Okay, it makes
me happy.
My back.
Welcome to my belly world paradise.
I thought so.
that at your batty tatty world.
My city
gratty tap.
Wavadoo.
I can see where the ancient city is.
I think
There's also a trial chamber here, by
the way. Which one? Uh,
one of them that has Yeah, I think I was
trying to do this one and then I kept
getting attacked and I forgot I was
there.
I'm here to helping.
You're here to smelting.
We love deep sleep.
Yay.
Yeah, I'm getting gold for clarinet's
enclosure.
I'm going to build the whole thing out
of gold.
Oh, the lava.
Lava do.
There it is.
Daddy said by papa.
I'm very illprepared for this.
I'm very ill.
Are you? No.
I mean chronically, but like
well
basically
random ass touch book.
Oh,
that's like kindness. I think
it's fine.
Daddy said hello.
Well,
it's not.
Oh, don't worry about it. Okay.
It's like fine.
Oh no.
Okay. It's like so not fine though. It's
like really scary in here.
Oh, it's fine.
Kindness batty.
Kindness
batty.
Really?
Yes.
Okay.
Come on.
They're
tired already.
They're silly of it.
Think I already did this one.
Oh no.
Oh, mending pants.
So true.
Okay,
I'm kind of the smartest.
It's fine. Doesn't know how to do
anything.
can't even do basic addition, but I can.
So, you know,
what's 9 + 10?
Funny,
funny.
I'm Dunny with the funny.
That's like too many of them.
Imba
patata of the earth and peaks
of world. Mhm.
Okay. This place is pissing me off. I'm
the original Star Walker. I'm the
original Star.
Do you think anyone out there kins the
original Star Walker? Are we Woody from
Toy Story?
Oh,
okay.
Relax. Relax it, Baddy. Relax.
Relax. Relax.
[Applause]
Oh, the gruppy.
[Music]
[Applause]
Is that done?
[Music]
[Applause]
Can you go back to sleep?
[Music]
[Applause]
This thing's dying.
[Music]
Daddy said rest now. and ruin it.
[Applause]
[Music]
They look cool.
What franchise thing is Saturn from?
Wait, no one say anything? No one's
saying anything. Okay. I need I want I'm
curious. Maria, what do you know about
328?
Help.
They haven't said anything.
I'm waiting. They're terrified. They're
terrified of their knowledge of 328.
What do you know about 328? They know
everything. They know more than you do.
They just can't share it. They're
terrified.
It's like Rousey.
Oh, true. I still need to play the new
chapters of Delta Room.
You don't know who what Saturn is. Okay.
But do you know what 328 is?
Okay. No. Wait. Question. How did you
come to How did you come to discover
Saturn and like her name?
Saturn's gunlade. Yeah, we're talking
about the gunblade, which is what I'm
holding right now.
Okay. And then they said, "What
franchise is Saturn from?" Yeah, I saw
that. Really kind.
I kind of don't want to spoil it.
You should you should go to band camp or
just like it's on the wiki actually the
violet wiki you can just book the
violet.wiki is a
quick and efficient way to learn about
violet pony or something. If you go if
you go to the violet wiki um you can
find the booklets for like all this
stuff and there there's there you can
also buy them. You can buy you can buy
the album acoustics on on vandamp and
mystic acoustics and then uh home word.
So she's from Starship Ponyville.
Starship Ponyville. Mystic acoustics and
Starship Ponyville Homeward
and soon and perhaps even a secret third
thing. It's not secret at all. Everyone
[__] knows what it is. Promise
Complex. What was it? 2019. It's pretty
comp 2019. Trust guys.
It's pretty complex.
Oh, they just got into your music like
two weeks ago. That's really sweet. Oh,
there's other
There's other stuff. There's other stuff
in that series that actually if you just
go to Spotify and search the complete
Starship Ponyville collection. Um,
there's a playlist by a user named Dex
that is every single album that is album
or like uh stuff that is canonical to
the universe that Saturn is in.
But yeah, don't worry. We're just having
fun with you. Yeah, I'm glad you're
here.
Uh, I was originally going to play a
deer monster, so that's what we're going
to do now.
Oh, okay.
Well, that situation you had was kind of
like Doom a little bit.
Actually, Doom is the new Doom is really
pretty. So, what is the tor sword
texture over uh the diamond sword?
It's your Isn't it Isn't it your
resource pack, Jules?
I think Moonlight's modified it quite a
bit. I see. I think I think a lot of
them I think so some of the new models
and like all the m new music stuff was
just Moonlight. That makes sense.
That's not gaming. That That wasn't
gaming.
That wasn't video games. That was
something else. It's upside down today.
What? Oh
yeah, I think um Jules uh Vid's Vid's
staff was moved to the mace.
Um
and then Oh, also the what did the stone
sword be? The stone sword finally got
something. What was it? I forgot.
But the stone sword has something now.
The staff of Sus. No, that was the
wooden sword, wasn't it?
I don't know what the stone the stone
sword was something.
No, Fortnite's in a few hours.
Fortnite's in a few hours.
True.
I have not gotten to play Doom since uh
last time la like two streams ago. Like
I'm really wanting to play it more, but
I've just been so [__] busy.
Mhm.
I'll probably be looking a little bit
more at chat now as well if people want
to.
I'm going to miss today because I need
to sleep soon because I slept 1 hour
last night. Yeah, you need you need a
baddy sleep.
Bubba.
Oh my god. Yeah, Jules, thank you. Quick
scope in uh so soon. Quick scope so
soon.
In like uh 15 hours.
I'm really excited for love and pony
stuff, too.
Thera, if the tether is removed, the
makers, their directive was clear.
What would you have us do?
What would you Baba do? Nothing.
It can't be removed.
We scanned it.
It's wired to a detonator.
That demon, he's after something. You
saw that?
We call it the heart of Argent. Anyone
who wields it, they'd have the power of
a god, stronger than maybe even you.
But the heart is incomplete. It's made
up of two parts. The other half is a
power source, and we
don't know where it is. Balance search
party is still active.
If he ever gets control of it, that much
power in hell's hands,
none of us would survive.
unlock the ancestral forge.
Unlock the giant uh snail.
Now he said it. Fear. Yeah, totally.
Hold up, Squidward.
Okay.
I ask you to be heard.
Contact the ministry.
You are stranded in this realm.
There is no one left to trust.
That is why
you allow me to speak.
Yeah. I'm like
I wish uh I could premiere at like
different times for like music stuff.
Oh.
God. Um,
my sleep schedule's just really weird
and I wish it wasn't,
but I don't know how to fix it. It's
really complicated.
Um,
I think it's a combination of two
things. Uh, I think my circadian rhythm
is [__] up and I think that also I
just have anxiety problems.
Good. How do I sweep the remember how to
play this game? I'm meeting him at the
forge.
Okay, that's to change the thing.
Square is swap between these things.
Have we tried staying away for two days?
Honey, I have done that more times over
than you even know.
Why do you think Monica Monsters exists?
Yeah. Um
I am like uh I I am a professional
insomniac and I hate it. Um I get uh
insomnia cycles where if I can't sleep
one night then it starts compounding
into multiple nights in a row because
the uh sleep deprivation compounds and
it makes it difficult to fall asleep at
all.
And um
I already have problems falling asleep
very much. Uh I've been medicated for
for sleeping. I I'm off my medications
right now still, thank goodness. Um but
still tough. And uh
um I yeah for for Nhem weekend actually
it was technically I slept 10 hours over
the course of 5 days
when I did my performance at Nahhem. I
think I only had like 3 hours of sleep
for that performance
or something like that. And it was
literally just because I couldn't sleep
in a place I didn't know. It was like
impossible.
Um,
uh,
what am I what am I trying to say? It's
like I basically have a hard time
sleeping right now. Like the past year
and a half, if it's not like sun up for
whatever reason, if I get in bed uh, too
early, I start to get like panic attacks
for whatever reason. And then also just
I think my circadian's all [__] up cuz
I've been living like this for a while
which sucks cuz I love I love sunlight
and I love going outside and uh
a lot of the times when I wake up I only
have like a few hours of sunlight I get
to have and everything in Portland loves
to close really really early so that's
fun.
But my favorite places right now are
places that are open either uh super
late or 24 hours.
I hate the sun and I'm a vampire. Sun is
really good for you
when you get to sleep well. Do you like
sleep a lot? I sleep average of like 6
hours a night.
Uh
said sun gives me headache a lot.
Oh yes, the impaler. That was the funny
thing. And then there's the shredder. Is
this thing?
[Music]
This one doesn't have an alternative.
I might be kind of washed at this for a
little bit cuz I think I'm forgetting
the basic controls, but it's been a
little bit.
It'll be fine. You guys watch me fumble.
I'm in a position where I don't really
get moonlight. No
glow. Moonlight glow
glow in my doom dollars.
I take naps sometimes, too.
Yeah, I I would love to fix my sleep
problems. Um I'll never be able to fix
insomnia. I've lived with chronic
insomnia since I was 15.
Um, but I'd like to at least fix my
circadian rhythm
cuz I want to be awake when it's bright
and sunny and nice and beautiful.
As pretty as the night can be.
My people guarded this forest for
generations.
1:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. I think I sleep
right now at 10:00 a.m.
Although the last few nights I've gotten
to bed a little bit too late, too. So,
it's been more like I start sleeping at
noon.
So, as of right now,
YouTube premieres are going to have to
be a weird times.
It's been like this for a while, but I'd
like to fix it sometime.
You'll need a key to continue through
that gate.
What if I jump though?
What are you?
Okay, good night pata.
Have a bad sleep.
Um,
there's so much environment, but
nothing's happening here yet. I'm going
to assume we're going to backtrack here.
Wait, I like straight up not been paying
attention.
Smell the terrible.
[Music]
Oh, okay. I see everything.
Yes.
Crawl up the thing.
Oh, we having him that. That's it. The
gate will open now.
Heat
up
here.
Heat. Heat.
no
heat.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
flashback to what I asked the franchise.
Okay, I thought it was funny.
That's mildly endearing.
The glitter.
You're like a glittery type character.
Bro is just a standin for bro, but it's
like all being used like gender
neutrally essentially.
Turn the game down or mic up. Yeah, I
can turn the game down cuz it is sort of
loud for me too.
There. We lost hundreds when they took
control of the mine. The mine.
You don't have to get any of these
references. It's just echo. It's just
echolalia at this point. We just repeat
things. Yeah, you don't even have to
know what they mean. They're just words.
Am I being stun locked right now? Oh,
I'm fine.
I just got back up here,
[__]
[Music]
Just realized how long this
and messaged me from a different time
zone cuz she woke up after going to
sleep when I was also still. Oh, good
morning. So, I'm going to go to bed so
she doesn't get mad at me. Okay, bro.
Good night. Have a good sleep.
I'll probably be awake still.
They're Every time I start like standing
back and hiding behind cover in this
game, like this is this is not how you
play this game. I got to [__] get in
there and relax.
[Music]
Oh, that was uh that was Azy. That was
Stardust.
Oh, wait. That's cute.
My corpse toys.
[Music]
Having
fun with dead corpses. What the [__] are
you are you supposed to do in this game?
This game is all about bathing in it.
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
Wait, I'm
use your brain. Use your thinking.
The mine shut down after the attack, but
the forge still has power. The demons
are drawn to it.
The demons are drawing.
What's so sweet?
Almost certain you can parry that.
Get back here.
Don't be annoying.
I got 500 doom balls. Hi
Clear. The Slayer has reached the blue
side barracks.
Who and why? Oh, wait.
Ow. Ow.
Okay. I think it's just me in here now.
I don't know who just left. If I just
been uh I don't remember. I I didn't
have Discord open.
I would be entertaining.
And by that I mean I'm really just going
to be here.
Um,
let me kill. That doesn't kill.
Heat.
Who's here?
It's me. I died. Welcome back. But also
now I'm actually going to leave. Okay.
So now you're going to be alone. Alone
with Smell and the Terrible. I'm going
to be alone with Smell and the Terrible.
And isn't that the beauty of it all?
Yeah, that's the beauty of it all.
That's the g of it all. Not quite, but
sure. Are you going to bed or are you
waking up?
I'm not waking up, but I'm not quite
going to bed yet, I think. Okay. Have a
good existence then. Yeah. I don't know.
I'll do something probably.
Okay. Goodbye. Bye.
See you guys. We get closure.
Via is definitely one of the
one of the heroes of the music video.
You guys will see tomorrow. Today.
It's today on a technical level and
tomorrow mentally.
[__]
Wait, I meant to I press yes. Oh well.
straight up not paying attention.
It's okay. I just get to play more video
game.
How tragic. Has reached the poolside
barracks.
I have a Well, that was my only life
situ anyway, so
may as well save it, I suppose. That's
the
I still really wish I could play this on
a on PC, but
this as great as this game is on
controller, it's not ideal. Heat.
Heat.
More video game per game.
Oh [__]
No, let me climb. Let me climb plank of
wood.
Thank you. I've always wanted to climb
plank of wood. You ever played the
Arkham games? No, I'm not really big on
superhero anything.
Feel like a video game that's seven
video games at the same time.
Didn't they just come out with a game
that's like that?
It's funny. Sometimes the remnants are a
pain and sometimes they're like
completely fine.
But they just depends on which enemies
are around. Heat. Heat.
Heat.
[Music]
I will reiterate the parry windows for
this game are really really generous. I
will be parrying [__] on complete
accident sometimes. Like that was a
parry even though that really didn't
feel like one.
The cannons in the watchtowwer can clear
a path.
[Applause]
Atlas. At Alice. Uh,
I was trying to play what's it called?
Um, metaphor refantasio.
it just like wasn't really clicking with
me very much, which is unfortunate cuz
like I think this the design of the game
is really nice. But I I struggle so much
with
anime RPG type video game. It's just
there's a lot of things that inhibit me
from enjoying it.
So, what am I doing? I need to get up
there.
That's what I'm in maxing.
Maybe Pow World. Like [__] if I'm
playing Pow World.
And what is this device that we're in?
Oh, it's just the the bolt gun thing.
See, here's the thing about Violet Pony
streams is it's half either I could be
playing a new game or half I'm probably
just going to play Halflife again type
[__]
I've already played I played HalfLife 1
and two twice last year and I did
another playthrough of Halfife 1 and two
again this year and uh I'm not opposed
to doing it again.
This site is ancient.
These mines were built to harvest the
raw materials of the ancestral beasts.
The forge is inside.
Well,
I'm sure people will be really mad that
I'll do it again, but I might do it
again. Everyone was like, "You've
already played Halfife a million times."
I know.
But here's an idea. Fun.
It is fun for me to play this video
game.
There really isn't a feeling that
matches running around in either a
source or a
or a Quake map.
Nothing can really chase the high of uh
playing these kinds of games.
That lift will take you down. We're not
far now.
First of all, why Japan specifically?
Second of all, why pancakes? Third,
what? Why?
Beat Halflife Source, but you have to
alt tab it every 15 minutes.
All right. What is it?
Grenade launcher
and they're like
like morning star
looking ass things.
And that's
that's its own thing.
We can enhance your weapons inside the
forge.
No
[Music]
heat.
10. Count them. 10 Doom dollars.
Very nice.
Guys, how do we think monarch heads are
going to react to 11 pony stuff near the
forge?
I still think, again, I've I've said
this a million times now, but I think
it's really funny that a lot of People
are discovering me through Monarch cuz
making Monarch, I was like, "This is
going to be the most unmarketable album
I've ever done." And now it's basically
the most popular album I've ever done.
It's catching up to cutie marks in
streams and sales and everything.
The only thing Monarch doesn't really
have going for it is a is like a a music
video or song like antonym or anything.
But aside from that, Monarch is
basically
my most popular thing,
which is like so confusing to me. But
like I welcome it, but it's like really
confusing.
[Applause]
It's a barrel. Thank you.
Play Dead is kind of that. How many
views does Play Dead have on YouTube if
I haven't checked?
I barely check numbers anymore. I used
to obsess over that [__] so much and now
I'm just like whatever.
Someone's listening to it.
200k. Oh my goodness. 200k on play dead.
Damn.
How many streams just played dead have
on uh on Spotify? Anyone knows? But
genuinely really funny that I just don't
know.
These days, I mainly just focus on how
it made me feel to make the music and
what people are saying about it. That's
about it. Hunter identified.
Hello.
Heat. Heat.
Wait, I'm sorry. Did you say Play Dead
has 500K on Spotify?
What the [__]
I I did not know.
That's crazy.
What makes me really happy about Monarch
being so popular is that it's like all
original characters except for the one
that gets killed.
I never expected people to care that
much about my my actual like original
characters.
It means a lot to me.
Poor Starlight. What did she do? Deserve
to die.
The the album was originally going to be
about Starlake is the thing.
Last prize at 3 million. Yeah, but
lesbian ponies and weapons has had 5
years to garner that.
And not only that, but Legend Ponies
with weapons was very Why did I just use
super super shotgun on that? Um, Legend
Ponies with Weapons was very uh of its
time period and relevant and like trendy
at that time that it came out. So,
yeah, I'd love to do a cassette. I think
I want to do a limited aloe and lotus uh
cassette before we reccon it.
I was going to do something like 100
copies.
I always underestimate how many of these
things people will buy. Hello problem.
Monarch is also a really great way for
people to like start listening to my
music cuz like Monarch is going to
connect all of the lore for everything
mainly because of Arya and the Locust
creating a thread of continuity between
all the worlds and stuff.
I was really hesitant to do any sort of
multiverse [__] but I think I ended up
creating something that I think works
for me that isn't just like weird.
This has been your Peter Griffin
introjection.
Thank you.
Yeah, I'm so bad with like keeping my
health up in this game. I just run run
run into everything.
Like I know I do, but it's like kind of
fun to do. I parry when I remember to
and dodge when I remember to
probably come back to bite me in the ass
very soon
once I get into a fight where being
methodical really matters a lot. That
heart powers the forge. It needs to be
reactivated.
Underscore's new song tomorrow. Maybe
the start of album roll out. Exciting.
You know what I You know what I really
love about this year so far is that it
feels like this is the year where people
are being like
are rebelling a little bit because Jane
Remover for example was highly praised
for stuff like frailty and and census
designated which is all stuff that was
like bound to be popular with like music
snobs because of its it's like sort of
adjacency to like rock music in a way to
rock noise experimental stuff. Same
thing with underscores. Wall socket was
was highly praised and it's like because
it was adjacent to genres that a lot of
music snobs would like. Same thing with
Monarch. Monarch is the type of album
that a lot of music snobs really like.
Even if they don't like anything else
that I do, they might have a chance at
liking Monarch. And I think this is the
year where everyone's like, "That was
cool. We're all going to do the stuff
that those people who like that stuff
the most hate now." And it's the idea
that like quote unquote real music
unquote doesn't pertain to just what
these like critical people tend to
think. And this is going to be cuz the
new underscores thing that I heard
sounded very pop very electronic. I was
like we're we're kind of really back.
We're we're I think we're done trying to
appease like a certain crowd of people
for the sake of it. I'm I'm I'm
thrilled. I'm thrilled about
She hasn't touched a guitar in months.
Okay. Well, the one thing is is that I
really enjoy playing guitar now, even if
I [__] suck at it. So, um my Love and
Pony Step record has has guitar on it.
What's funny though is that um
most of the a lot of the guitar on Love
and Pony Step is real, but one of the
songs I ended up just using a [__]
like splice guitar loop as the main hook
of the song and it felt really fun to do
that.
Um cuz I made it like sound really
shitty on purpose.
Actually, I might even be able to show
it briefly.
So,
uh, I'll play like a few seconds from
Wonka XL here. This is the This is one
of the songs off Love Pony Step.
[Music]
That's like That's just like straight up
a guitar loop.
Uh,
now can I find which one it was? I don't
know.
Let me go to the thing.
See, most of the guitar on this album I
performed myself,
but
for one song I was just like, "Fuck it.
We're we're going to put a guitar loop
in there that I didn't make."
And that was like we weirdly freeing
cuz I spent so much time learning how to
play guitar a lot better for Monarch.
And obviously I'm playing guitar on this
album, but just for one time I'm just
like, "Ah, [__] it. We just put a sample
in there." Um,
is it this? No. What is it?
Uh
oh. Okay. It's called AGT
Guitar Acoustic Loop Shear 2. I think
it's this.
[Music]
So that's the guitar loop that Wonka XL
is built off of. Now, it sounds quite
different because I did a lot of weird
[__] to it in the song. So, I'm gonna
play that one more time, then I'll play
the song again.
[Music]
And the way it's used in the song is
like this.
[Music]
stories.
So,
um there's that. Yeah.
But then most the other guitar in the in
the album is either played on a real
guitar by me or or um or it's played on
piano.
And that was really freeing. That was
really cute. I had a lot of fun with
that. Wait, actually,
wait a second.
There's a there's a there's a little
taste for you guys cuz uh it's we only
have 45 viewers in here right now. So,
we could have a little fun. We could we
could have a little fun. We could have a
little fun. No one knows. No one knows.
Um
there there's a little section of here.
I hope you guys like it. It sounds like
this.
Hey guys.
[Music]
I think you guys are going to love this
album.
I think Love, if I if I had to be like
completely honest, I think Love and Pony
Step,
like is the most fun album I've ever
made. And I mean fun
even way more than Girls Who are
Wizards, even way more than than um
stuff like Cutie Marks and stuff.
But
that doesn't necessarily mean you should
let your guard down with this album
either. I'll just say that.
Okay. Who's yelling at me?
We're going over there. Did I come from
over here? Wait, why is it getting Why
is it changing way?
If I go over here, does it
so strange?
Is that acid that I'll damage in?
No.
Like, okay, here's the thing. Out of
curiosity,
is anyone in in in the stream right now?
Has anyone been here with me with my
music since 2015?
Anybody
2015?
Anyone here for the Violet Pony 2015 era
of things?
It's going to be June 2025.
Man, I've been guys, I've been releasing
music as Violet Pony for 13 years.
Yeah, it seems like everyone's new here.
Um,
well, the thing is if uh
yeah, I've been releasing music as
Violet Pony for 13 years.
It's actually insane. Um,
my first track, uh, my first official
track in the catalog came out in 2012.
Did you mess the original show?
original show. What do you mean? Like
G123
and a half
[Applause]
I would say for new biopony listeners, a
good start is Girls for Wizards and um
Paradise Valley
and then like Carousel after back.
Heat.
Anyway, in 2015,
2014, 2015,
I was literally doing so much like MLG
parody [__] and like I was like really
really big on montage parody [__]
and like
um
not long afterwards that stuff felt so
antiquated and uninteresting and unfunny
And I think the most ironic thing is
that Love and Pony Step is my best
album, like bar none. Um, not everyone's
going to agree with that, but it like
most certainly is. And um it being my
best album is really funny because this
album which I would say is a serious
album. Love is a serious album but also
has a lot of fun in taking the serious
message and stuff. And a big part of
that is there's so much [__] montage
parody stupid [__] in this album.
And like
I think what's funny is in 2015 2014
when I was doing all the montage parody
[__] I probably would have never wanted
to like bring that into like the main
catalog of stuff. I was like, oh, I'm
going to reserve this as just jokes and
nothing else, right? But this is like
we're I think with the thought we're
blurring the line between seriousness
and foolishness in the best way
possible.
[Music]
I'm like in a corner. Help.
Let me heal.
Just die already.
Okay.
I don't even know how many. I don't wish
it would tell me how many I have. Um,
let's get a race start. I don't know how
many life sigils I have.
Your channel banner has ruined me. I'll
say the quick scope era is here. New
move at random intervals. It's good.
You ever play Wolfenstein 2: The New
Colossus? I haven't, but I really want
to. I just have no idea if I should be
playing something in preparation for
because I've never played a single
Wolfenstein game before.
Is that the kind of game that you can
just play by itself?
Because I really did want to play a new
Colossus at one point.
I thought I got that. I guess that reset
my progress towards that as well.
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
These Peter Griffin introductions are
very fascinating. Heat.
Heat.
Okay, finally
New Order. How long How long is New
Order and then New Colossus?
I'm definitely considering it.
Wait, where am I going? I saw a thing.
There it is.
Yeah, I'll do it again. Don't worry.
Just for you.
Now, where is that purple room?
Yep. Yep. There you go. 10 Doom dollars.
What is that?
Okay.
Probably just go a different way around
to that. I haven't been doing anything
with the wolf statues. Is anyone paying
attention?
10 doom dollars and less economy. Oh,
there's another wolf statue.
I don't remember what they do.
10 more Doom dollars.
This is like secret area stuff, but I
keep ignoring that.
Oh, wait. I forgot there's a different
There's different ones.
There's the wolves that you hit and the
wolves that represent the ones that
you've hit.
New Order is 10 15 20 hours and tier is
30 40.
Okay. Yeah, I want I want mine. That's
the
uh correct me if I'm wrong, but that's
the Nazi killing video game, right? Cuz
we do love to do that.
Part of me is suddenly really interested
in doing the secret area stuff now, but
now I'm like
so far behind on keeping track of
everything.
I'm like really good advertising for My
Little Pony.
I've been re-watching My Little Pony all
this past couple of months while I'm
doing stuff. Whenever I'm not working on
music and I'm not listening to music,
I've just put on My Little Pony in the
background. And uh
still such a good show.
Oh, wait. Oh, that goes up there.
Oh, fascinating.
More like Wokenstein.
I'm just like wandering around this
place.
It's fun to though.
Okay. Where was that? That was like
Oh, this is a whole other zone.
No, it's not.
I must find the wolves.
He won't let me up there. It's probably
nothing.
Okay. Yeah, it doesn't want me to go up
there.
Okay. [__] the secrets then.
I think the thing is is that I'm not a
Brody.
I do not really associate
I've had this conversation before
though, but always find myself
reiterating it for for newcomers.
All semantics, but whatever. Row
power activated. Two more switches left.
Oh, that's why the objective keeps
moving around because there's multiple
switches.
I've really not been paying attention to
the dialogue in this game at all.
Feel like that's not really why you play
a Doom game.
What even constitutes a brony? To me,
it's like selfidentified. The thing is
is that I don't really consider myself a
part of any fandom or community.
I just like My Little Pony and a lot of
my things are inspired by it. That's
about as uh complex as it gets.
I don't really identify with uh
sharing that same space. I think
obviously there's going to be a lot of
intersectionality because
just by nature of things, but it's
mostly semantics and like
I guess identity.
Hello
The way I describe myself is
I'm a creature.
There you go.
Everything else comes secondary.
Everything else is subjective.
Yeah, Fant is going to call me a brony
because it like helps with his like
marketing. I think it makes it makes his
his speech more
ear candy to his listeners. I kind of
get it. It's It's a
How do you say? It's It's a buzz word.
It's It's a journalism word.
It always intrigues people more.
My thing is is on the average day, I'm
not going to like get uppetity about
people saying brony about me. But in a
space like this where people are going
to pay attention to what I'm saying and
are going to like, you know, put in the
time to understand what I'm saying, then
I'll take the time to like just explain
it.
In an averaged conversation, I'm not
going to say anything.
I just don't have the effort to do that
so often.
Yeah, this stream is a creature feature.
Heat.
There's another counterpart to being to
this is also in defense of the label
um not for myself but as a general thing
is people will say things about me.
Like, wow, a brony/furry that makes good
music. It's like, okay, well, that's one
way to slight a bunch of people for no
reason whatsoever.
The preconception, the assumption that
high art can't be made by anyone is
preposterous.
They don't even realize that there's a
ton of brony music, brony art. That's
very profound and very like incredible.
I'm out here still citing
feeder pony artists, better vocals as
being like someone who's inspired me
creatively, personally in every corner
of my life. And it's like
people just be saying [__] man.
like furry and brony in addendum.
[Music]
Like maybe this is an urban legend, but
isn't it [__] Gabin?
Gabe Dwell
likes My Little Cody. Is that a folk
legend or is that like true?
It's a full legend.
I so want to believe it though.
I mean, regardless, it's like people be
saying stuff like that and then they
completely ignore things like car seat
headrest.
currency address which is like
universally loved by most people.
What is this room?
Hello.
Problem with the current Doom games,
every fight has to be an arena fight.
Just kind of blends in the background.
I don't really feel like thinking about
Ken Ashcort, but that's whatever.
Oh,
my spider dog.
At least that we have a funny Who is
here?
There's no demons in this game you're
playing. It's Chrissy. Best demon.
Hello. I'm not a demon. Now I have to
screen share the game again.
There's no demons in this game. We're
having a very productive conversation
about the weirdness of brony as a label.
This one guy liked that you said you
made groy.
Take that crazy.
I think my thing is I've said this
before as well. I I repeat myself a lot
just for for everyone who's new, but
like um
I will almost finished I'm selectively
contrarian based on whoever it upsets
the most.
So, in the sense that I do not consider
myself a brony in any capacity
whatsoever, I do not consider myself as
someone who makes brony or furry music
or anything like that. However, if it
pisses someone off that like deserves to
be pissed off, then of course I make
brony music. Do you understand what I
mean?
Like, if it annoys someone because they
have a problem, then that actually
excites me then. Of course I make brony
music. This is like a productive mindset
to have every day. I think so. I I I
think so. I'm trying to get bootstrap on
my 3DS NDS bootstrap cuz it don't
appear.
I hope there's no dark ages in this game
that you're playing. I have bad news for
you. Oh no. This thing is all about dark
ages. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no.
Oh no. What is chat saying I know, but
chat's excited. Swear guild's favorite.
We'll just say Ableton session one day.
I could go over some of the Monarch
project at some point.
Oh, I slipped on your trailer by
accident. You what? Have you guys heard
of Love and Pony stuff?
Okay. Big today.
No, that's true. It's fine.
I heard it's going to blow up. My main
goal is to blow up. I don't know.
Nobody.
Christy, a chill pill you require.
Where are your chill pills?
Thanks.
Hello.
I kind of just be using the uh
the cyclinger constantly.
I know you're supposed to like switch up
your weapon usages just based on
weaknesses and advantages and stuff, but
it's all about the frame.
It's all about the what? It's all about
the frame. It's all about the frame.
Yeah, it's all about the frame.
I think you're like on to something. Not
something good, but like something.
It's all about the bra.
This Dennis is pissing me off.
I'm the original Dennis Bro.
They call me Dennis for women.
Now, you might ask yourself, wouldn't
that just be Denise? No, it's a
completely different thing.
It's one thing to call yourself Denise.
It's another thing to call yourself
Dennis for women. You have to recall the
funniness of it all. That's part of it.
Please, Gwen was my father's name. Call
me Ultra [__] 3000.
No one even said that.
Wait, I'm allowed to say stuff, right?
Please. I want to.
being
the original best
like a million dollars.
my [__] millionaire.
[__] you, Darth Vader.
[__] Say your favorite.
Fria, this is your introduction to
Neopronouns. I'm really excited to tell
you about Pilford one day.
I had a bit I was going to do where
whenever I wanted to refer to Pillford,
I would have spun the pill.
So the lore is with my character Pilford
is we have the Pilford pronoun wheel
where it's basically just an entire a
giant wheel with like a million
different pronouns
and basically you have to spin the wheel
at the beginning of the day and that's
what you get to refer to Pilford as.
Is that 100% serious? Not precisely, but
it's kind of awesome.
It is really awesome. Pilford is
literally uh what's it? Schroinger's
gender.
No idea what it is till I spin the wheel
for the day. You 3DS.
The heart has been primed. We can use
the forge now.
See you at the elevator.
Don't take
that
just
Heat.
No, it's fine.
Wow. Oh, that killed. Oh, that killed.
Repeating gender over and over. Yeah, I
mean they they're allowed to.
They can they can repeat shrog gender if
they so desire.
So quiet. This is
Mr. Doom. I mean MF Doom.
Not yet. He's going to make it soon.
He's going to make it big in the
doomverse.
[Music]
Roger.
Roger. Nice one. Violet. I'm woke.
I'm a Peter Griffin. Wow. I'm trans. My
parents are she her.
This has been a Penelopey Griffin
introduction. Okay, if it's Penelopey
Griffin, why did she introduce herself
as Peter as woke Peter Griffin? You can
have two names. You can have two names.
I mean, I get I have more than that.
I have like two
guys. Have you read the stream?
Be nice.
Everyone's Everyone's Be nice.
Take a jail fell off.
Did you know it took 3 years to make one
part of this game? Okay.
Oh, they're all waiting for me. It's
funny to do that.
You know, like Schroinger's head is kind
of [__] up cuz like who would put a
cat in a box?
Schroinger.
Why? I don't I don't know why, but he
did it. So rude. It is pretty rude.
a hole in the grass. It's an
exemplification of quantum superp
position.
Garfield is not an example of of quantum
superp position.
Oh, okay. My bad.
I did it. I beat four.
How much gamer crime did I just get? You
got 20. Oh, that's not a lot.
Well, you could have been placed here.
Yeah, it's true. My gamer credit is
skyrocketing for a normal person.
Sh. That one doesn't even work. Percy,
what do you think of this?
Do you like that? Do you like this
activity? Yeah. Make a game about that.
It's called like football.
I mean tennis.
Hey, watch this. This is like good.
Wait, watch this. Ready?
Ready.
Check this out.
Hello.
Whoa.
Why don't they give the demons?
They could do like a million. They do
have guns.
Oh, I never played Doom game. Oh, my
Discord's up. Chrissy's just quiet.
Chrissy is always quiet. Chrissy is
always quiet.
I have so much to say, so little to
express.
What?
Guys, make sure to like the stream. We
got one dislike on the stream. It's
really disheartening, Gwen. Right now,
is it? Wait, wait. Do we have a dislike
on the stream?
Well, at least for the [__] dislike
[__] I see. It's like one dislike and
118 likes.
Where do you have to see this?
It's not showing it to me. I I had to
return YouTube dislikes on. I don't know
which one I have, but it show one
dislike to me. Well, I'm really sorry to
whoever I have the extreme extinction.
I'm I'm I'm really sorry to whoever
disliked this stream.
I mean, I get it. I dislike my stream,
too.
I am nice to myself. I think I'm
awesome.
Yes. Yes, dude.
Do it. Throw it. Go on.
Whoa.
That guy sucks at Fortnite.
Fortnite
Doom.
Oh my god, that was big. Oh my god.
That's That's where they make the
Skittles.
What? That's where Skittles are made.
What? That's how they make them. No. No.
No. Stop. Stop it. Stop. Stop. Don't
reveal my secret.
What if I change the formula? Oh, no.
No, you can't do that.
This is what they do is to get their to
get them to taste the way they do, they
have to like rotate them a lot.
It's It's called the Skittles rotation
difference. It's a whole thing. It's a
whole situation.
The Skittles situation is insane.
Oh, yeah. They just have these in in the
Skittles factory every now and then. I
know. Hello. Hello.
Oh,
epic fail. Just lost some gamer curse
for that. Wait, where the [__] am I?
This is not where I was going to land.
Oh, yes, it was. Never mind. It's just
around the corner of it.
Doom guy is game very much.
What's up, Moonlight Glow? Everyone say
hello. Moonlight Glow. Moonlight Glow,
get in here.
Like Glow, come on. We miss you.
Moonlight Glow, please come home. It
hasn't been the same since you left the
Skittles factory. It hasn't been the
same since you left the Skittles
factory. Come back. We need to make our
Skittles
the Skittles.
Moonlight Glow. You were trolling me in
Violet Ponadol. Even when you weren't
trolling me in Violet Island at all,
you're going to destroy the skills if
you keep doing that. Don't do that.
I
Okay.
One night was scared by what you said.
She said what? So, one of the songs in
the pawn was Moonfire Eclipse,
and I was like, "It's a moonlight
eclipse."
You were trolling me when you weren't
even here. One leg low is kind of like a
demon or a truckster.
Was that it? Was that entire corridor to
give you doom dollars?
Doom dollars are
Can you get like Doom skins?
There are Doom skins.
Can you dress up like Superman or like
Goku?
I actually don't know how to do Oh, it's
over here. See? Oh, wait. Super shotgun,
bro. Yes.
Yes, dude. Super shotgun. Yes.
You're okay.
Yes. The impaler, dude. Yeah.
Yes. Nightmare, dude. Yeah.
What are you doing? What are you saying?
Yes, dude.
Yes, dude. Yes.
Okay. Okay.
Oh, wait. That does something.
Time to take down Mr. Skin once and for
all.
Name is Marvin. That's like fine.
Marvin the Martian. Uh-uh. Different
one.
Marvin the Skittles. Where was the other
blue? Anyone remember what other blue
is? Hold on.
It's raining somewhere blue.
It's raining somewhere blue. I mean, I'm
green.
It's raining somewhere blue.
I
do what I know. Epic fail.
Epic blue.
Okay.
All we need is orange now.
I did it again. I actually did it again.
I actually did it a second time in a
row. You must be feeling a little blue.
Nope. Orange. Mr. Orange.
Oh, you're so joyous with that one,
aren't you?
Orange.
You're kind of like Captain America, but
for like the the woke people of the
world.
You're kind of like Captain America, but
for the woke people of the world.
We need one of those.
Yeah, wokelet pony.
When someone said my favorite color used
to be orange
after Christmas struck, I couldn't see
it again.
I couldn't see the same way.
Wait, that's the pronoun soldiers.
No, you took my mind.
Sorry, I didn't realize. What is Betty
going to do now?
Betty without his army.
These guys suck at Fortnite. Yeah,
Fortnite.
What is Okay. Black Ops.
Black Ops. Black.
My favorite color used to be orange
until I lost my favorite orange Hot
Wheels car at an arcade when I was five.
And it was the only reason I liked Hot
Whe only reason I liked orange.
Yeah. One time I threw a like a like a
toy airplane out of a car window and
then I cried for like a week. Sure. I
thought you were saying you threw a a
toy airplane out of an airplane window.
I was like, "Okay,
that'd be better." Actually,
now I like pastel pink. We have two
orange to pink fans here.
Orange to pink transition, if you will.
Yes. shield upgrades, dude. Yes. Yes.
Stop.
We're going to get some upgrades, dude.
Yes. Yes, dude. Yes.
Chill out.
Chrissy. Best video said, "Yes, dude.
You don't need to. You like here."
Yes, dude.
Sorry about your middle name.
We won't have a woman in this game.
I know. It's surprising. It's an FPS.
They remembered. I don't know if anyone
can like this game anymore cuz there's a
woman in it. It's a little too woke.
Best,
but not really. The heart endures. We
harvest the energy.
I just got evil. I'm baddy in my
replies. I'm scared.
Relax.
Oh, blue. She's having a blue moment.
See, you're feeling a little blue. I go
it's orange.
I discovered that they were colors like
after the age like after I was born kind
of
[__] shout out to colors by the way.
Shout out to 11 don
say that.
Who here has heard of 11 to step? weird.
When my orange is not her name, that is
right next to Oh,
there's like a big heart and everything.
I thought they were speaking
metaphorically.
Wait, this is the heart of the city. No,
they like they like me it's an actual
heart.
That's not
[Music]
height moments and glor.
Oh, what if there was like flowers and
it was like height moments and flora?
They're here. Falling back. We'll meet
you at the exit.
That it doom bro.
Yes, dude.
Yes.
Shout out to PlayStation guys.
You should not be able to tell if the
Sony that made PlayStation and the Sony
that made movies was the same.
They're making stuff.
Can they make like an introducer making
like media
go?
Yeah, that's fair.
I kind of don't know what I'm doing
here. Uh,
we have to get rid of his ruin. That's
new children.
Shadow shield.
Wait, you need to like deflect his
little blast.
Yeah, I just I forgot.
Sort of wasted my time.
I have to get health from something
else.
Don't ask what they can figure out.
Just spin the wheel.
Shout out Blue Sky by the way.
Oh, he made a meter.
Yeah, for some reason I thought it was
doing to non-green one, so I was trying
it, but the colors are a little hard to
distinguish on this one for whatever
reason.
Some sort of green.
Which one of these are green?
It just changes directions.
It's on the It's on the left.
First one is right. Second one is left.
Am I losing my mind? Those both of those
the same color.
The orange and the green.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Those both look really similar.
You can just go hit block on the far
right and then block on the far left.
That's how it go.
nice with uh me when my friend too does
something really well. Shout out to you
too. That was really good.
I can see when it's green after I pair
it.
Are you Are you like trolling me? I'm
not trolling you. nothing in the globe.
That That was clearly green that that
thing just shot me with right there.
Well, I've never played this game in my
life,
guys. The [__] these two weird shield
things that this boss is shooting at me.
It shoots two at a time. One is supposed
to be green, one is supposed to be red,
but they both look red to me. No,
they're No, one on each is green.
Oh, wait. I'm
Wait, let me look closer.
Carry the green one.
Can you shoot at me?
One side of them, not the whole thing.
Okay.
It also refuses to like shoot at me now.
It's trolling you.
Okay, let me look closer now. Like
just come up with it. Yeah.
I'm still having a hard time seeing that
it's green.
Heat. Heat.
Heat.
If it's hard to see, I think you can
just carry to the left. Very little
right for the person. Very left for
like a far.
Yeah, your sides messed up. Oops.
He doesn't want anything to do with me
anymore. Okay, come on.
only glow when we were when you slam it.
Hurry up.
Am I missing something? Why is it taking
so I do see the meter, but
Oh my god.
Wait, I might be a little bit stupid.
I think you're supposed to fight all the
enemies to weaken it. Oh, wait. What? I
think you're supposed
to [__] bury everything, too.
Leader shield disabled. Okay, whatever.
Kill the leader.
probably they have to now.
What?
two damage is good.
Oh, there we go.
You're out of here, Darth Vader.
Becky hates Spider-Man.
[Music]
That was that.
Oh, I get it.
That was the joke of it all.
I still couldn't tell which side was
green.
What does I need a crunch bar? The
joyous and generous moonlight glow mean
my other screen really quickly.
I'm going to pause it on the green red
the green red difference.
What's up, Reddit? It's Violet Pony.
Oh,
you mean like the crystal shapes are
green?
I was looking at like the overall color
of the banding.
Well, it never even mattered anyways.
No, it didn't. But like I can see where
it's green now, but like that's not what
I was looking. I was looking at like the
whole shield,
not just the crystal that's green, man.
Okay. Yes. You got some precious gold.
Those are actually called doom dollars,
but it's like fine.
I'm Doom guy.
That's not who you are. That's what he
sounds like.
I killed demon.
Okay, I'm doomed. Okay.
Chrissy best videos said doom.
Doom.
Oh. Oh. Hell.
That's what Doom guy says. Yeah. Doom.
I thought you were already in hell,
though. No.
Where were you?
I can help you.
Location
and the slayers
using the tether.
Yes.
I will be I don't know when I crunch bar
yet.
No harm must come to her.
She is the heart of Argent.
Then why didn't she know that? sorcery
against us. The true scope of that
human's power is unknown to her.
The ceremony I actually don't go to
State Farm for any medication. I go to
Walgreens.
Not even the same thing.
What does State Farm do? That's like an
insurance company.
Of course.
Insurance.
The heart is found.
Now give to me what is owed.
Return our god to us.
Close the gate,
bro. Can this cut scene end, bro? I just
want to get some kills.
Bastard. Look Among Us. We couldn't
break through to Azri's fortress. Look
out for damage to Atlas. That's Among
Us. It's Among Us. Among Us.
Hi, Dishy.
Oh, it's Dishy.
Oh,
what's up?
See, didn't know Penumbra is in the
[__] TR for some reason.
[Music]
I said it in in clerb. I said it in
clerb like a little ago. Let's scroll up
a bit and let's see it.
It's another one of those guys. Is this
the same guy from early? Yeah, but this
one's like kind of a noob, right? He's
not that good at Fortnite. Not that good
at Fortnite.
I got really excited. I thought that was
like a really big eyeball, but it's like
a skull instead. So, everything sucks in
the world. It is bad for
look at it. I beat Fortnite.
I beat Fortnite.
Is this how you do a bro hop?
This is how you do a bro hop.
Yeah. I don't know. No way. I don't know
why she made that.
Edward.
I don't feel like a parry does anything.
It looks like it does like that.
It does quite a few things
like parrying.
Bro, I just wanted to do Overwatch, bro.
Rocket launcher.
Real good, don't you?
I'm really good with a rocket.
[Laughter]
You're referencing all the Dunkey
Fortunes.
Remember I saw this guy? I saw the play
guy played duos fills on Fortnite and
then he asked like some random ass kid
what he thought about H3 Hassandra bait.
He said, "What do you think about the
debate?"
What?
He went on films for duos on Fortnite
and he asked like some random kid what
he thought about the H3 song debate.
That's terrible.
I'm pretty sure he referred to it as
like the debate. It's only the debate.
We're like low. You're in Britain right
now. Dishy. How many hooves am I holding
up?
Not even the right Not even the right
one, but okay.
I'm holding a four hose right now.
There is no more than four hooves right
now.
So, have you guys heard of 11 pony stuff
yet? Chill out.
Shout out to 11 pony. A chill pill.
Shout out to my life is a quick scope.
My life is a quick scope. My life is a
quick scope.
Can't open that door. You don't have
enough doom dollars. You don't have
enough dupe dollars.
Wait, look at this.
What? What? What?
They just stop. Minute. I shoot the
barrel that starts a cut scene.
Alert. Two hell cans detected.
Why?
No.
Lyn only plays this game cuz cuz cuz she
saw it on Tik Tok.
My love is
To be by your donuts.
to be by your
donuts. to be by
is not a real charact. You made that up.
You made that up like
your donut.
Bye.
This game or like ants racing? Which
would you rather play? What? This game
or Ants Extreme Racing? What would you
rather play? Gamer Ants Extreme Racing.
This game or Ants Extreme Racing, what
would you rather play?
I'm playing this one right now. Yeah,
but if you'd like the choice to play gas
extreme racing,
don't I?
Don't you?
Oh, that's you.
Sorry. I am like famously green in some
cases or sometimes.
In some cases,
you can only play Ants Extreme Racing.
It's ants with a Z. Dishy. It's ants
ending in a Z. Don't Don't misspell it
or I'm going to get really mad. I'm
going to get really mad.
We need some more runes. Yes, dude.
You're okay. You're okay.
Yeah.
Yes. Yes.
This guy, this guy thinks I can't get
runes. There's like There's like three
runes.
Thinks there's less than three runes.
[Laughter]
Think there's only three runes.
Gracie, you're okay. You're okay. Who is
it and why? I'm Moonlight Glow. Now
announcing Moonlight Glow
GT, right?
I'm major league glowing right now.
Oh, you just said that in in Smell.
Can we get a shout out smell in chat?
Guys, no one should shout out Smell at
all. Shout out shout out Bruce chat.
Don't call me maniac.
I'm more like
everyone in the chair is being so
negative to smell them.
I would be
I would be really negative to smell them
if I had a choice. Be positive. be kind.
Okay,
there should be like a Violet Pony Q&A,
but I answer all the questions. I think
that would be a terrible idea. That
would be the best idea,
Chrissy. Best idea.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You're okay.
Yeah. Yep, everything is fine.
Chill out. Shout out to Moonlight Glow.
No announcing Moonlight.
That's my take on the line.
Don't kill the pronoun, soldier. I have
bad news.
No one.
my chesters. I wonder what I wonder
where my chest is right now.
What's Violet's pony's ass favorite ass
character? Hey, can we keep profanity
out of chest? Guys, if you can swear all
you want in chat, it's mine. What are
you talking about?
Tell them they can't swear.
Can we keep all profanity in chat,
please? We keep all profanity in chat.
Can we keep the profanity in the chat
right now?
There's no FNAF in this game. Don't
don't don't like Oh, someone just said
Cooper 9,000 in chat. That's epic.
That is pretty awesome.
That's something I didn't sample. That's
something I didn't sample in 1127. I
really should have. You should have. I
would have been so happy.
Only I would have been happy. No one
else would have.
It's over 9,000 with my me.
Okay.
Shout out to Patreon, guys.
Don't say you should have sampled.
We had this conversation already.
What is this guy?
You think this is character guy? That's
character man.
It's character
tail. No. Why?
Oh my god. Why car do that? Oh my god.
Oh my god. Car. Why? Why car do that?
Not Cara. Why car do that? Oh my god. Oh
my god. That wasn't me. That was Cara.
You're okay.
stream like
that's my streaming like
pretty bad.
What's the [__] German?
What [__] sound does he make after
someone else pretty fancy? I don't
remember. I wish I did.
Fatty bear. Don't say
magic uh defense shield. my name.
You look like Freddy F.
[Music]
Don't say Patty's going to be so scared.
Also, don't refer to Freddy Freddy
Fazbear as Freddy Bear.
He's the father.
Updating local map. One hell cannon
remains. When is like the modernday
Columbbo?
Am I? So would I. What is up, Dexter?
Hello, Dex. Shout out Dexter Daybreaker
in chat. Everyone
get some W Dexter in chat.
I don't I don't think I don't think this
is what Germa would have wanted.
Germany.
I just got a skin.
Yes. Yes.
Yes, dude. It's your favorite.
One is like modernday Nancy Drew.
What?
Glenn is like modernday Nancy Drew cuz
she said
okay
get some armor.
Nobody even knows about the doom rumple
stilts skin meta.
Like low is as tall as rumple skin.
What if they
click protagonist?
Anc was like ancient days when
you clipped through that wall. Those
games should do as ancient st.
Can we get some W Dexters in chat? No
one say that. Everyone say W Dexter.
Thank you uh Catalisspian for sending W
extras.
Happy birthday to everyone.
You can't just congratulate yourself.
What do you mean?
Happy birthday, Dextrous.
It's not his birthday.
Happy birthday, Dexras. I'm going to let
go of first.
Well, lying is a possibility.
Violet is like the radio head of music.
Okay.
Happy early birthday, Holly Bunny. I
hope they get you 3 million gifts.
Happy birthday, May. I hope dishy gives
you 1 million gifts and only dishy.
Dishy. You heard Chrisy.
Well, it is her wife.
You don't. It's like her responsibility.
Happy birthday, Holly Bunny.
I hope there will be cheese at Chris's
birthday party. You know how much I like
cheese.
Violet is like the cooking fixtures of
happy birthday. Okay, we're we're
reaching we're reaching a world that we
do not exist in.
It's everyone's responsibility to say
happy birthday to me. Did the brain
spiders learn a new move?
There are always new brain spiders.
Oh, it's kind of like the epic.
One time Chad said Chucky and I was like
you're fine. I don't even know if it was
her that said.
I just noticed Vi is a calligraphic
Pokemon card.
Happy early birthday
guns. Hope they get him back to for his
birthday.
Heat. Heat.
I was trying to laugh like Tom Cruz
earlier. That's why I was laughing so
hard. I'm going to be completely honest.
I don't think I know what Tom Cruz's
laugh sounds like. Now, I know that
might be surprising.
You thought I was laughing like that for
no reason. as the number one Tom Cruz
fan in the whole universe.
We give like a Tom Cruz dis.
Okay.
Tom Cruz is an actor who's famous for
his acting and stuff like Mission
Impossible.
Yeah. And Bluey and Bluey.
Same thing kind of.
Parenting is sort of like Mission
Impossible.
That was the most thing I think I've
ever said.
What if Violet Pony was inside Scoop and
worked at FNAF Brady's?
Talk about a heartbreaker.
cuz you broke his heart.
I don't share a birthday with anyone.
Yeah, that's true. Neither do I,
actually.
The bacteria means I'm neutral about it.
I am neutral on these things.
All Hellcats destroyed.
Thank God. I was worried about them.
Dude, that kind of look like a monster
with it mouth open.
I have good news for you.
Dude,
shield upgrades.
I can't laugh at our name. Yes, you can.
I wast I wasted it all. No, go on.
Are you proud you try? Aren't you happy
you tried? I'm so happy I tried. 1 2 3 4
5 6 7 8 9 10 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12
13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25
26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38
39 41 42 43 44 456 47 48 49 50 51 52 53
54 55 70 58 851
263 467
68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 72 77 78 79 80
81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93
94 95 96 97 98 99 101 102 103 104 105
106 and 1078 109 110 112 113 114 115 116
16 11 170 118 119 120 121 1223
124 125 126 127 128 129 130 131
Oh my god, that's it. Yeah, that's all
there is. No more after
Why are you so Why are you so
I did say 131?
Dexter say everyone saying w what duck
what what what duckster just said in
chat. What are what manner of like words
are you saying right now? W Dixster
Daybreaker.
I said 131. 130 is not the highest
number. It is.
Oh,
one time I tried buying Mystic Acoustics
for $328, but it's the limit is $10, so
I couldn't do it. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, it's not a limit. It's the
minimum. The limit was $10, so I
couldn't do it.
Energy level stable. Stop fantasizing
about Moonlight Blue and like other
characters having having things scooped
in Five Nights at Freddy's.
Don't say 132 in chat, by the way. Cursy
best green friend.
Put it in quotes.
Question: Where can I donate? answer.
You can't.
You guys donate to me. My um my
I'm going to leave my um donation hole
in chat.
I just left my donation pole in chat.
So, make sure to put all your bits in
it.
Don't fall into the donation hole.
Nothing ever comes out of there. I don't
know how to get the money out of there.
What are you scratching about? That's
what she sounds like.
Who look?
Oh, me. You sound a little different to
that.
Don't survive.
Talk about a head scratcher
cuz you scratch his head really hard.
Um, yeah. Scratched
catalysis. That's not how you spell my
name. Dish.
Learn next time.
Uh, scratch that. That was a better
life. Pretend I said that.
Four doom dollars for the collection.
That was like five doom dollars. Doom
dollars for the collection. Oh, that's
not realistic. You didn't get crushed to
death by that.
It's like $6. Snail be after cucumber
slice. Mhm.
Could have just said Chrissy best snail.
Guys, shadow bisexuality.
Let's get a shout out for that.
Guys, I get lesbians.
I didn't get any toys.
I got this
toys. You're fine. Toys.
toys. Okay, 50 doom dollars in chat. I
think that's the I will end stream now.
Goodbye every streamer. I will see
everyone here
in like how many hours? Like 13 12
hours. Oh, thank God. It's suggested for
my sleep schedule, too.
When do you go to bed? Whenever I feel
like it. Okay. Well, that's not really a
schedule.
whenever my little sleepy head sleepy
head in chat.
Uh, I'll see everyone here for uh my
love as a quick scope so soon. Shout out
my love as a quick scope and what else?
Shout out my love as a quick scope and
what else?
Anyone else? No. No. Say, does anyone
know about love and pony st? Does anyone
know about love and pony st? Okay, you
missed your chance though. It's okay.
Huh? Does anyone know about living Tony
St?
Does anyone know about Dexter D?
[Music]
[Applause]
Streamer, why aren't you saluting?
Oh, okay.
deletes you over and over and over and
over and over again
and over and over and over and over and
over again.
Happy birthday, Living Pony St. Wait,
before I end stream, should I play the
thing at the place lead synthesizer from
GarageBand 2012 2013? Play that. Play
that right now. Okay,
[Music]
for some reason I found that in one of
my folders. It's just the lead synth
from What year is it? Thing at the place
from 2013.
So nice.
Uh I want to remake Thing at the place.
I've been trying to for years.
It might It might finally be time. Shout
out to Thing at the Place. Shout out to
Thing at the Place.
Okay, bye everyone.